
===== [County_Council_Special_Meeting_Minutes_12.10.25] PAGE 1 =====
VIGO COUNTY COUNCIL
Meeting Minutes
Tuesday, December 10, 2025 at 4:00 P.M.
Council Chambers, Vigo County Government Center

Pledge of Allegiance
President David Thompson called the meeting to order at 4:00 p.m.

Calling of the Roll

Present: Randy Gentry, Nancy Allsup, Brenda Wilson, Steve Ellis, Vicki Weger, Brad Anderson, David
Thompson

Correcting the Journal of the Preceding Meetings if Needed

There were none.

Communications from Elected Officials or Agencies of the County

Mike Morris approached the Council and voiced his view that the request before council regarding new Radio
Towers and Equipment for first responders was important but not critical at the time of the meeting. He also
expressed his support for the highway department’s request for salary adjustments.

Steve Ellis made a motion to move all county elected officials with the exception of commissioners and county
council members to a grade 517 on the Baker Tilly pay scale and give them a 3% cost of living adjustment.
There was brief discussion on the concerns of county employees being compensated more than their managing
elected official if the council chose not to raise elected officials to midpoint on the Baker Tilly pay scale. Brad
Anderson voiced concerns about raising Coroner’s salary to be in line with other elected officials. There was
brief discussion about full-time vs. part-time elected officials and their respective compensation. There was
discussion about the increased caseload of the coroner’s officer in recent years. There was additional discussion
on the historical reasoning for the difference in the Vigo County Coroner’s difference in compensation compare
to other elected officials. Vigo County Assessor Kevin Gardener approached the Council and expressed his
concern the elected officials were being left behind when it came to compensation after other officials and
appointees were brought to midpoint. He also noted the failure to perform maintenance on the numbers found
by the study would continue to cause compensation issues going forward. There was discussion on whether to
have another budget committee meeting and specially called council meeting to make a final decision on
adjustments to elected officials salaries for 2026. Steve Ellis withdrew his motion. Mark Clinkenbeard voiced
his belief all elected officials should be brought to the Baker Tilly midpoint like all other county employees.
Brad Anderson made a motion to schedule a future Budget Committee Hearing and suggest a future Council
meeting before the end of the year to take action on changes recommended at this proposed hearing. Vicki
Weger seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry
— aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye;
David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.

Councilman Randy Gentry took the podium and said voiced his disagreement with Councilman David
Thompson’s statement at the previous meeting claiming David and Randy had agreed to put aside their
disagreement and work together. Randy read aloud a letter Randy said David’s attorney had sent to Randy’s
attorney detailing an apology statement from David. Randy said there was an active Indiana State Police
investigation on an altercation between Randy and David after the October 14, 2025 Council meeting. Randy

===== [County_Council_Special_Meeting_Minutes_12.10.25] PAGE 2 =====
expressed his concerns with threats he claimed were made against him by councilperson David Thompson.
Randy said he was awaiting the results of the ongoing investigation into this altercation. Randy then expressed
his concerns with the Council President declaring Ordinance 2025-2 invalid. He said there were no irregularities
with the passing of the ordinance by the Council and had received legal advice related to the Ordinance saying
the Ordinance 2025-2 was in effect. Randy then expressed his displeasure with the status of school facilities
reported by students and faculty during the public comment sections of previous meetings. He called on the
relevant government officials to investigate the reports.

Vigo County Public Defender Gretchen Etling approached the Council and thanked the Council and
Commissioners for providing the storage space at the jail facility for their files and the subsequent renovation of
their office space. She said the renovations were under budget due to Commissioner Mark Clinkenbeard
offering his services as a contractor. She said they had already submitted for reimbursement for the project from
the state.

Public Comment

Terre Haute Fire Chief Darrick Scott approached the Council and criticized radio coverage gaps. He cited
Public Safety Tax funds now being enough to pay for improvements and replacements to Vigo County radio
tower infrastructure. He voiced his support for the Council Approving Additional Appropriation 2025-63.

Local 758 Professional Firefighters Union President Jay Umbaugh expressed his support for the radio tower
request before Council. He expressed his concerns over safety of first responders due to coverage gaps.

Riley Fire Chief Matt McCullough noted a long history of what he said was unreliable radio coverage and
expressed his support for the radio tower request.

Terre Haute Mayor Brandon Sakbun offered the City Administration’s support for the radio tower request
before Council at this meeting. He also expressed his disagreements over comments Randy Gentry had made
earlier in the meeting about the state of the investigation into an altercation between Randy Gentry and David
Thompson after the October 14, 2025 Council meeting.

Terre Haute Fire Department Battalion Chief Scott Dalton approached the Council and noted radio issues in the
County and capacity issues of the current radio infrastructure in the area. He expressed his support for the
Council approving Additional Appropriation 2025-63 and noted the collaboration of various agencies in support
of this proposed project.

Vigo County Sheriff Derek Fell approached the Council and expressed his support for the proposed radio tower
project.

Chris Doty approached Council and said he was a two way radio technician and has been urging agencies to
hire an independent arbitrator to ensure the funding for the proposed radio tower project would be well spent.
He expressed his concerns of Vigo County’s radio system being a part of a larger statewide system and the
capacity issues that could be tied to the larger system. He noted his desire for Vigo County to own and operate
their own system in parallel to the statewide system.

Reports from Committees
There were none.
Resolutions and Ordinances Other than Appropriations

===== [County_Council_Special_Meeting_Minutes_12.10.25] PAGE 3 =====
a. Interlocal Agreement: Vigo County Prosecutor’s Office, Vigo County Council, Terre Haute

City Council, City of Terre Haute, and Vigo County Commissioners
Michael Wright explained the creation of this interlocal agreement was instructed by the State Board of
Accounts to establish an agreement in writing between several government bodies and agencies for civil
forfeitures collected in the Drug Task Force Fund by the Drug Task Force. Randy Gentry made a motion to
approve the Interlocal Cooperation Agreement. Vicki Weger seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the
pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve
Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion
passed.

b. Highway Department: Highway Employees 2026 Salary Ordinance Amendment Request
Highway Director Larry Robbins approached the Council and explained this request was for the Vigo County
Highway employees to receive a 3% increase for 2026. Larry gave a brief history of compensation changes of
the past several years for his department. Larry noted his employees were paid from a separate fund than
County General. Larry said the MVH fund was collected through Fuel and Wheel tax and could sustain these
compensation increases going forward. Brad Anderson made a motion to amend the Ordinance Adopting the
2026 County of Vigo, Indiana Salary Schedule and Compensation Policies of Highway Employees reflecting a
3% increase. Vicki Weger seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as
follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye;
Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.

c. Mental Health Court: Court Staff 2026 Salary Ordinance Amendment Request
Judge Dan Kelly approached the Council and explained this request was to use Opioid Settlement funding to
finance positions and supplies for the Mental Health Treatment Court. Janet McBride took the podium and
outlined the status of mental health treatment in Vigo County and explained what the goals would be for the
proposed Mental Health Treatment Court employees. Janet detailed the requested Mental Health Court funding
would be $169,522 from the Opioid Settlement Fund. There was discussion of the logistics of how this request
could be granted. Council Attorney said the salary ordinance for these employees could be amended in 2025
and the funding approved in the 2026 budget year. Randy Gentry expressed his concerns with funding staffing
through Opioid Settlement Dollars. There was brief discussion on the timeline and frequency of Opioid
Settlement payouts. Janet briefly explained the Court currently received funding from the state as well, but not
enough to fund the entire proposed operations of the court. There was discussion on the amount of current staff
and the amount of people able to be serviced at the time of the meeting and possible overlap of services between
this Court, the drug court and Community Corrections. Randy Gentry made a motion to table this request. Brad
Anderson seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy
Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson
— aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.

d. Veteran’s Assistance: Part-Time Position Request
William Caldero with Veteran’s Assistance approached the Council and explained his request to add a part-time
assistant Veteran’s Service officer position back into the Veteran’s Service staffing structure. He said during the
recent budget approval process, a third full-time VSO position was authorized; however, this approval
eliminated the assistant VSO role. He explained the need for this position. He said the Assistant VSO role
would be part-time at an hourly rate of $18 working up to 29 hours a week. Brad Anderson made a motion to
table this request until the Budget Committee met and provided the full Council with a recommendation on this
request. Brenda Wilson seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as
follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye;
Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.

===== [County_Council_Special_Meeting_Minutes_12.10.25] PAGE 4 =====
e. Merit Officers 2026 Salary Ordinance Correction (Section 6)
Derek Fell explained this amendment to the 2026 Salary Ordinance for Merit Officers was to correct Section 6
outlining the amount of deputies receiving evening shift differential pay from 9 deputies to the correct number
of 10. Vicki Weger made a motion to approve the Ordinance Amend the Ordinance Adopting the County of
Vigo, Indiana Salary Schedule and Compensation Policies of Merit Officers to reflect the correction. Brenda
Wilson seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry
— aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye;
David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
f. Resolution of Re-Allocation of Existing Appropriation 2025-9: Building Maintenance — Floor
Scrubber
Building Maintenance Director Ricky Hammond approached the Council and explained this this out of series
transfer request would move $5,399 from the J anitor/Cleaning Supplies line to the Equipment New line in order
purchase a floor scrubber. Ricky said moving on from the contractor currently tasked with cleaning courthouse
resulted in the necessity for the County to own its own scrubber. Brad Anderson made a motion to approve
Resolution of Re-Allocation of Existing Appropriation 2025-9. Brenda Wilson seconded the motion. In
discussion there was brief discussion about funds saved moving on from a contractor to clean the courthouse
and having janitorial staff clean it. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy
Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson
— aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
g. Resolution of Re-Allocation of Existing Appropriation 2025-10: Group Homes — Food &
Equipment
Director of Vigo County Homes for Children Norm Loudermilk approached the Council and explained his
request for $2,000 to be transferred from the Professional Services line to the Institutional Supplies line and
$1,240 to be transferred from the Professional Services line to the Foods line. Brenda Wilson made a motion to
approve the Resolution of Re-Allocation of Existing Appropriation 2025-10. Vicki Weger seconded the motion.
Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye;
Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye.
With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
h. Resolution of Re-Allocation of Existing Appropriation 2025-11: Coroner — Transportation of
Bodies
Vigo County Coroner Travis Norris approached the Council and explained his request for $12,000 to be
transferred from the Group Insurance line to the Professional Services line for the transportation of bodies.
Travis explained the amount of autopsies this year surpassed the budget funds for 2025. Nancy Allsup made a
motion to approve the Resolution of Re-Allocation of Existing Appropriation 2025-11. Brenda Wilson
seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye;
Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David
Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
i. Resolution of Re-Allocation of Existing Appropriation 2025-12 Courts — Drug Testing, Supp.
To Work Release, & Physician Fees
Judge Charles Johnson approached the Council and explained his request for $14,000 to be moved from the
Social Security/FICA line and $2,000 from the PERF line to be transferred to the Drug testing line. He also said
the courts were requesting $62,000 be transferred from the Group Insurance line to the Supp. To Work Release
line. Lastly he was requesting $24,000 to be transferred from the PERF line to the Physician Fees line. Brenda
Wilson made a motion to approve Resolution of Re-Allocation of Existing Appropriation 2025-12. Vicki Weger
seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye;

===== [County_Council_Special_Meeting_Minutes_12.10.25] PAGE 5 =====
Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David
Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
j. Resolution of Re-Allocation of Existing Appropriation 2025-13: Veteran’s Assistance — Laptop
Purchase
William Caldero with Veteran’s Assistance approached the Council and explained his request to transfer $455
from the Copy Machine Rental line to the Equipment New line in order to purchase a new laptop. Brenda
Wilson made a motion to approve Resolution of Re-Allocation of Existing Appropriation 2015-13. Nancy
Allsup seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry
— aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye;
David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
Ordinances Relating to Appropriations
a. Additional Appropriation 2025-57: Adult Probation — 2025 Remaining Costs
Chief of Adult Probation Lee Ann Riesenbeck explained her request for the Council to appropriate $14,275
from the Supplemental Adult Probation Fund to cover salary line items for the end of the year. Randy Gentry
asked how this position was currently funded. Lee Ann clarified these positions were grant funded through the
Department of Corrections, but did not cover the full employees’ salary and benefits due to the grant being
capped. Vicki Weger made a motion to approve Additional Appropriation 2025-57. Brad Anderson seconded
the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy
Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David
Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
b. Additional Appropriation 2025-58: Group Homes — 2025 Remaining Costs
Norm Loudermilk approached the Council and explained his request for $43,100 to be appropriated from the
Group Homes Non-Reverting Fund. The request is for $3,500 to be appropriated for Foods, $8,000 for
Institutional Supplies, $3,000 for Wearing Apparel, $13,000 Contractual Services, $5,000 for Special Events,
$4,600 for Equipment New, and $6,000 for Furniture & Fixtures. He said these funds would cover the
remaining costs for 2025. Norm gave a brief update on the current status of the two operational group homes.
There was brief discussion about the cash balance of the Group homes Non-Reverting Fund at the time of this
meeting. Randy Gentry expressed concerns with recouping costs required to operate the group homes with the
amount of children current residing in them. Norm made note of the difficuly in housing children and
accommodating around children of certain need and age groups. There was discussion about difficulties in DCS
reducing reimbursement rates based on legislative changes made at the Indiana Statehouse. Brenda Wilson
made a motion to approve the Additional Appropriation 2025-58. Nancy Allsup seconded the motion. Upon a
roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye, Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda
Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote
of 7-0, the motion passed.
c. Additional Appropriation 2025-59: Prosecutor’s Office — 2025 Remaining Costs
Judy DeLisle from the Auditor’s Office explained this request for the Council to appropriate $1,410 from the
User Fee Infraction Deferral Fund. She said the Prosecutor’s Office pays all of the phone stipends out of this
fund and there was not enough appropriated in 2025 to cover the costs. Vicki Weger made a motion to approve
Additional Appropriation 2025-59. Brenda Wilson seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending
motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis —
aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.

===== [County_Council_Special_Meeting_Minutes_12.10.25] PAGE 6 =====
d. Resolution of Re-Allocation of Existing Appropriation 2025-14: Coroner’s Autopsy Fee 2025
Remaining Costs

Coroner Travis Norris took the podium and explained this request was in two parts: one would be for a transfer
of $8,167 from the Group Insurance line to Autopsy Fee line to cover remaining 2025 costs and the other was
for $50,000 to be appropriated from the County General Fund to the Autopsy Fee line in order to cover
remaining costs for autopsies in 2025. Travis noted he was not anticipating using all of this appropriation, but
noted case load for autopsies had increased in 2025. Vicki Weger made a motion to approve Resolution of Re-
Allocation of Existing Appropriation 2025-14. Brad Anderson seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for
the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye;
Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the
motion passed.

e. Additional Appropriation 2025-60: Coroner — Autopsy Costs
This request was outlined above. There was discussion on removing the transferred $8,197 from the advertised
$50,000 for this appropriation. Brenda Wilson made a motion to amend this request from $50,000 to $41,833.
Vicki Weger seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy
Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson
— aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed. Vicki Weger then made a motion to
approve the Amended Additional Appropriation 2025-60. Brenda Wilson Seconded the motion. Upon a roll call
vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson —
aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0,
the motion passed.

f. Additional Appropriation 2025-61: Terre Haute Mayor’s Office - Warming Center

Operations
Terre Haute Mayor Brandon Sakbun approached the Council and explained his request presented at a previous
meeting is not ready for funding and would like to come back at a future meeting to request funding. This
request was withdrawn.

g. Additional Appropriation 2025-62: Auditor’s Office — 2025 Remaining Health Insurance Costs
Auditor Larry Hutchings explained this request for $1,300,000 to be appropriated from the County General
Fund was to cover costs for employee insurance. He said open-enrollment happens mid-year which allows for
coverage changes and impacts insurance premiums and can result in shortfalls of the fund. There was brief
discussion on if this shortfall was a normal occurrence in the County budgeting process. Vicki Weger then made
a motion to approve the Additional Appropriation 2025-62. Brenda Wilson Seconded the motion. Upon a roll
call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda
Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote
of 7-0, the motion passed.

h. Additional Appropriation 2025-63: New Radio Tower & Equipment Request
Deputy Jeff Fox with the Vigo County Sheriffs Office approached the Council and explained this request was
for $1,887,499.75 to be appropriated from the LIT Public Safety Fund to finance multiple new radio towers and
equipment from Motorola. He gave a brief outline on the timeline of this proposal and explained the urgency
related to this request was due to the costs for a Radio Tower project of this magnitude would only increase
with time. Jeff said Motorola would be the preferred contractor for this project due to Motorola being the
contractor for the State and has been Vigo County’s provider for 18 years. There was discussion on the
advantages of using a single vendor for a project when it came to repairs and holding them accountable. Brenda

===== [County_Council_Special_Meeting_Minutes_12.10.25] PAGE 7 =====
Wilson asked Jeff if he had considered an independent consultant on this project. J eff cited what he called the
County’s proven history with Motorola. There was discussion about the income of the LIT Public Safety Fund
and the advantages to the County owning their own tower system. The County’s current and possible radio
redundancy protocols were thoroughly discussed. Chris Doty approached the Council and expressed his
concerns over the County not pursuing its own radio network in addition to being integrated into a statewide
system. Randy Gentry and Jeff discussed the possibility of alternatives to this proposal. There was brief
discussion about how Public Safety LIT would interact with Council responsibilities going forward due to
legislative changes at the Indiana Statehouse and the future of LIT funding for the County. Steve Ellis asked if
the Commissioners would support this proposal. Chris Switzer confirmed he did support this request. Mark
Clinkenbeard confirmed he did support this request, but said he felt rushed by the timeline. A Motorola
representative approached the Council and explained there was near $600,000 in total discounts that would not
extend into 2026 and this was the reason for the “quick” timeline of this proposal. Brenda Wilson made a
motion to approve the Additional Appropriation 2025-63. Vicki Weger Seconded the motion. In discussion, Jeff
Fox said the overwhelming majority of users on Vigo County towers were Vigo County units. Randy Gentry
said he would like the Council to take action when it came to upgrading radios countywide. Chris Switzer
recommended creating an ordinance stating the Council would fund the next two payments for this project in
2026 and 2027. Brenda Wilson made a motion to amend the requested dollar amount in this request from the
advertised $2,124,750 to $1,887,499.75 due to adjustments in the requests made after the advertisement. Vicki
Weger seconded this motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry
— aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye;
David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed. Brenda Wilson then made a motion to approve
the Amended Additional Appropriation 2025-63 with the adjusted dollar amount. Vicki Weger Seconded the
motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup
— aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson —
aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.

Honorary Resolutions

There were none.

Resolutions Relating to Fiscal Policies of the Council

There were none.

Appointments

There were none.

Adjournment

Brad Anderson made a motion to adjourn the meeting. Brenda Wilson seconded the motion. With a vocal vote,
the meeting was adjourned at 7:40 p.m.

Vigo County acknowledges its responsibility to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. Anyone who requires an auxiliary aid or service for effective
communication, or a modification of policies or procedures to participate in a program, service, or activity of the Vigo County Government, should contact the office

of Tammy York-Allen, ADA Coordinator 650 S$ ist Street, Terre Haute, IN 47807, Phone 812-231-6200, e-mail tammy. york-allen@vigocounty.in.gov as soon as possible but
no later than three business days before the scheduled event.

===== [County_Council_Special_Meeting_Minutes_12.10.25] PAGE 8 =====
MINUTES OF THE VIGO COUNTY COUNCIL MEETING
DECEMBER 10, 2025

Presented to the Vigo County Council, read in fill and adopted as written this I 0" day of February, 2026.
Aye Absent [] Randy <
Nay he Abstain [| Gentry _
Aye [ | Absent [] Nancy y,

Allsup = / GL)
Ne LY sein a ey
Aye [| Absent [ ] Brenda ‘ [5 Jn f yy ‘bos
Nay [| Abstain [| eS
Aye [ ] Absent [| Steve na —
nN ; Ellis —
ay [| Abstain [ | ——
Aye [| Absent [ ] Vicki 7 V4 (/
Nay [| Abstain [] Weger. BZ LUEL [A EHS
v,
Aye [| Absent [] Brad
: Anderson LA" 27
Nay [| Abstain [| /\f\ 7
Aye [| Absent [ ] David \ VA
h b j

Nay [| Abstain [| Thompes ~ f

Attest:

SE C Ye,
Larry T. Hutchings, II
| Auditor
|
