
===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_4.14.26] PAGE 1 =====
VIGO COUNTY COUNCIL
Meeting Minutes
Tuesday, April 14, 2026 at 5:00 P.M.
City Court Room, 17 Harding Ave.

Pledge of Allegiance

President Steve Ellis called the meeting to order at 5:00 p.m.
Calling of the Roll

Present: Brenda Wilson, David Thompson, Brad Anderson, Randy Gentry, Vicki Weger, Steve Ellis.
Steve Ellis thanked the Terre Haute Mayor and City Officials for the use of the facilities.
Correcting the Journal of the Preceding Meetings if Needed

March 3, 2026 Sunshine Meeting

March 10, 2026 Meeting
There were no corrections to the March 3, 2026 Sunshine Meeting minutes, David Thompson made a motion to
approve the minutes of the March 3, 2026 Sunshine Meeting minutes as presented. Brenda Wilson seconded the
motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David
Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — abesent; Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry — aye;
Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 6-0, the motion passed.
There were no corrections to the March 10, 2026 Meeting minutes, David Thompson made a motion to approve
the minutes of the March 10, 2025 Meeting minutes as presented. Brenda Wilson seconded the motion. Upon a
roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye;
Nancy Allsup — absent; Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With
a vote of 6-0, the motion passed.
Communications from Elected Officials or Agencies of the County
Vicki Weger said she had prepared an annual Council proclamation recognizing Worker’s Memorial Day. She
said the fourth Sunday in April honored the efforts of the labor movement and dedicated advocates. Vicki said a
“sovernment agency of occupation safety and health should be established to assure safe and healthful working
conditions and on this date is now recognized by the County and across the world to remember and honor
workers who’ve been killed or disabled in the course of their work. Therefore, the Vigo County Council hereby
proclaims from this day forward the fourth Sunday in April shall be recognized as Workers’ Memorial Day.”

| Vicki urged the people in the county to honor these fallen and injured workers.

Representing the Vigo County Redevelopment Commission, Jason Semler with Baker Tilly approached the
Council and provided an update on the County’s Tax Increment Financing districts. He explained the
Redevelopment Commission was required by statute to present annual information to the County Council in this
way. Jason briefly explained the purpose of TIF Districts, and listed the County’s five TIF areas. Jason outlined
the five districts: Heartland Steel, Staples, ThyssenKrupp Presta, Certainteed, and Pfizer. There was brief
discussion on funding for infrastructure at the Vigo County Industrial Park.
Public Comment
There were none.

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_4.14.26] PAGE 2 =====
Reports from Committees
There were none.
Resolutions and Ordinances Other than Appropriations
a. Amended Salary Ordinance 2026-2: Prosecutor/Public Defender — Language Correction
There were no questions on this request to amend section 4 of this salary ordinance to add the words “and
public defenders.” There no motions for approval. The Council moved to the next agenda item.
Additional Appropriation 2026-25 was moved up on the agenda due to the Terre Haute Mayor having another
engagement.
b. Additional Appropriation 2026-25: Terre Haute Mayor’s Office — Re-Appropriating Funds for
Warming Center
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. Terre Haute Mayor Brandon Sakbun approached the
Council and provided a brief history of this request and how the Council had interacted with it at previous
meetings. Vicki Weger made a motion to approve Additional Appropriation 2026-25. Brenda Wilson seconded
the motion. In discussion, Council Attorney Samantha DeWester cited the Council rules dictating a 12 month
waiting period when a request is voted down by the Council. She said this request being changed by $1 did not
meet the threshold of a different request. There was discussion about the County Commissioners using their
budgeted funds to fulfill this request. Brad Anderson apologized for the misunderstanding at the previous
meeting leading to this request being voted down. There was brief discussion on the logistics of suspending
Council rules for this request. Brandon Sakbun withdrew this request. He briefly discussed difficulty of
budgeting for warming centers due to the unpredictability of winter weather. Vicki withdrew her motion.
c. Amended Salary Ordinance 2026-3: Group Homes — House Manager Stipends
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. Randy Gentry briefly discussed giving the Group Homes
department the authority to spend funding from the Group Homes Non-Reverting Fund without Council
approval. There was discussion on the legality of such a move due to Council holding appropriation power for
County government. Norm noted the Commissioners had amended the Commissioners’ Ordinance establishing
the Group Homes’ Non-Reverting Fund to allow salaries to be paid from the fund anticipating a request to fund
these stipends from the Non-Reverting Fund and not the General Fund. There was discussion between Norm
and the Council Attorney about the legality of Randy’s suggestion of spending non-budgeted funds without the
approval from Council. Randy explained in his proposal there would be a review process at the end of each year
to examine the Group Home’s expenses instead of the operation coming before Council frequently. There was
discussion on the logistics of the County billing the State for housing juveniles. Brad Anderson noted this
| proposal could give other departments with Non-Reverting funds permission to spend the money however they
| wanted to. Norm requested the Council review and vote on the requests before them tonight and review the
legality of a department spending non-budgeted funds without Council approval at a separate time. The
impossibility of appropriating the entire Group Homes Non-Reverting Fund due to requirements of advertising
| additional appropriations to taxpayers was discussed. There was discussion about agenda of this meeting and
the proper sequence of the next actions. Brad Anderson made a motion to approve Amended Salary Ordinance
2026-3. Brenda Wilson seconded the motion. In discussion, the location the requested stipend would be funded
from briefly considered. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson —
aye; David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — absent; Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry —
aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 6-0, the motion passed.

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_4.14.26] PAGE 3 =====
Ordinances Relating to Appropriations
a. Additional Appropriation 2026-17: Group Homes — House Manager Stipends
This request was withdrawn.
Additional Appropriation 2026-19 was read and voted on before Additional Appropriation 2026-18 due to an
error in the reading of the agenda.
b. Additional Appropriation 2026-19: Group Homes — Two Furnaces at Glenn Home
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. Norm explained while the request was for $45,000 to be
appropriated from the Group Homes Non Reverting Fund, he was okay with $39,000 being appropriated by
Council. David Thompson made a motion to amend this request to $39,000. Brenda Wilson seconded the
motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David
Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — absent; Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry — nay; Steve
Ellis — aye. With a vote of 6-0, the request was amended. Brenda Wilson made a motion to approve the
Amended Additional Appropriation 2026-19. Vicki Weger seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the
pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — absent;
Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry — nay; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 6-0, the motion
passed.
c. Additional Appropriation 2026-18: Group Homes — Transportation Vehicle
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There were no further questions. Randy Gentry made a
motion to approve Additional Appropriation 2026-18. Vicki Weger seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote
for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup —
absent; Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 6-0, the
motion passed.
d. Additional Appropriation 2026-20: Courts — Alternative Dispute Resolution Fund
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There were no further questions. Brenda Wilson made a
motion to approve Additional Appropriation 2026-20. Vicki Weger seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote
for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup —
absent; Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry — nay; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 5-1, the
motion passed.
e. Additional Appropriation 2026-21: Drug Free Vigo County — Drug Free Community Fund
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There were no further questions. Brenda Wilson made a
| motion to approve Additional Appropriation 2026-21. David Thompson seconded the motion. Upon a roll call
vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye; Nancy
Allsup — absent; Brad Anderson — aye; Randy Gentry — nay; Vicki Weger — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote
| of 5-1, the motion passed.
f. Additional Appropriation 2026-22: Drug Court Budget Correction
This request was explained at the sunshine meeting. Vicki Weger made a motion to approve Additional
Appropriation 2026-22. Brenda Wilson seconded the motion. There was discussion about the error that led to
$1,000 instead of $10,000 being budgeted for the Drug Testing line in the Drug Court User Fee Fund. There
was discussion about amending this request so that $9,000 was additionally appropriated instead of the
advertised $10,000 in this line to make the erroneous amount in the line $10,000 as it should have been. Vicki

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_4.14.26] PAGE 4 =====
Weger made motion to amend the requested $10,000 down to $9,000. Brenda Wilson seconded the motion.
Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson —
aye; Nancy Allsup — absent; Brad Anderson — aye; Randy Gentry — nay; Vicki Weger — aye; Steve Ellis — aye.
With a vote of 5-1, the motion was amended. In further discussion, the council attorney confirmed there was no
need to have a separate vote to amend requests to a lower amount than was advertised, the Council could just
include the lower amount in the original motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as
follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — absent; Brad Anderson — aye; Randy
Gentry — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 6-0, Additional Appropriation 2026-22 was
approved.

g. Reduction in Appropriation Ordinance 2026-1: E911 Budget Correction — Part 1
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There were no further questions. David Thompson made a
motion to approve Reduction in Appropriation Ordinance 2026-1. Brenda Wilson seconded the motion. Upon a
roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye;
Nancy Allsup — absent; Brad Anderson — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With
a vote of 6-0, Reduction in Appropriation Ordinance 2026-1 was approved.

h. Additional Appropriation 2026-23: E911 Budget Correction — Part 2
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There were no further questions. Brenda Wilson made a
motion to approve Additional Appropriation 2026-23. Randy Gentry seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote
for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup —
absent; Brad Anderson — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 6-0,
Additional Appropriation 2026-23 was approved.

i. Additional Appropriation 2026-24: Election Board — Poll Worker Budget Correction
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There was discussion on how the $265,000 needed to
compensate poll workers was determined. Council Administrator Devan Gackle explained there was a meeting
between the Auditor’s Office and the Clerk’s Office and this total was calculated at that time. Vicki Weger
made a motion to approve Additional Appropriation 2026-24. Brenda Wilson seconded the motion. . Upon a
roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye;
Nancy Allsup — absent; Brad Anderson — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With
a vote of 6-0, the motion passed.
OLD BUSINESS: Approving Previously Approved 2026 Additional Appropriations for DLGF
Submission
Auditor Larry Hutchings explained new state statute now requires Additional Appropriations to be advertised
through budgetnotices.in.gov and submitted through Indiana Gateway. The additional appropriations approved
at the previous meetings of the Council had been advertised through the local newspaper per the old statute. The
Auditor explained he has worked with the Department of Local Government Finance and the Council Attorney
and said all previously approved Additional Appropriations in 2026 advertised properly advertised on
budgetnotices.in.gov and re-approved by Council would be the solution to this oversight. These previous
Additional Appropriations had been discussed at previous Council meetings and had been properly advertised
for this meeting.

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_4.14.26] PAGE 5 =====
Steve Ellis said the previous votes on all previously approved 2026 Additional Appropriations would be read
into the record and the Council would vote to approve these Additional Appropriations affirming their previous
votes read at this meeting.
Brady Harp with the Auditor’s Office read the following:
Additional Appropriation 2026-1: Approved at the February 10, 2026 Meeting 7-0 Vote
Additional Appropriation 2026-2: Approved at the February 10, 2026 Meeting 7-0 Vote
Additional Appropriation 2026-3: Approved at the February 10, 2026 Meeting 7-0 Vote
Additional Appropriation 2026-4: Approved at the February 10, 2026 Meeting 7-0 Vote
Additional Appropriation 2026-7: Approved at the February 10, 2026 Meeting 5-2 Vote
Nancy Allsup and Randy Gentry were “nay” votes.
Additional Appropriation 2026-8: Approved at the February 10, 2026 Meeting 6-1 Vote
Randy Gentry was the “nay” vote.
Additional Appropriation 2026-9: Approved at the February 10, 2026 Meeting 6-1 Vote
Randy Gentry was the “nay” vote.
Additional Appropriation 2026-11: Approved at the February 10, 2026 Meeting 6-1 Vote
Randy Gentry was the “nay” vote.
Additional Appropriation 2026-12: Approved at the February 10, 2026 Meeting 6-1 Vote
Randy Gentry was the “nay” vote.
Additional Appropriation 2026-5: Approved at the March 10, 2026 Meeting 7-0 Vote Brady explained
Additional Appropriation 2026-5 was tabled in the February meeting and voted on during the March meeting.
Additional Appropriation 2026-13: Approved at the March 10, 2026 Meeting 6-1 Vote
Randy Gentry was the “nay” vote.
Additional Appropriation 2026-14: Approved at the March 10, 2026 Meeting 7-0 Vote
| Additional Appropriation 2026-15: Approved at the March 10, 2026 Meeting 7-0 Vote
| Vicki Weger made a motion to approve these additional appropriations subject to any “typos” and the Council
| would defer back to the record on hand which would be video recordings of these named meetings. There was
discussion on if the Council was approving these additional appropriations are confirming their previous votes.
Vicki Weger withdrew her motion and made a motion to confirm the Council’s motion on these additional
appropriations on these dates subject to any “typos” and defer to the record on hand which would be the video
recording of those meetings. Brenda Wilson seconded the motion. Council Attorney Samantha DeWester said
due to these additional appropriations being republished properly this motion should be one to accept the prior
votes into action. Vicki Weger withdrew her motion. Samantha noted to taxpayers that these additional
appropriations read into the record were already previously presented, voted on. She recommended the

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_4.14.26] PAGE 6 =====
Council’s motion accept all of these additional appropriations as presented tonight and affirm their previous
votes and the appropriations subject to any “typos” that may have occurred. Brenda Wilson made a motion to
approve these additional appropriations also confirming the Council’s listed votes from prior meetings as stated,
this was for the purpose of submitting to DLGF, and this was subject to any “typos” and the video record would
correct anything if needed. Vicki Weger seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion,
voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — absent; Brad Anderson —
aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 6-0, the listed additional
appropriations were approved.
At 6:27 p.m. Councilperson Randy Gentry exited the meeting.
Honorary Resolutions
There were none.
Resolutions Relating to Fiscal Policies of the Council
There were none.
Appointments
There were none.
Adjournment
Steve Ellis noted the next meeting would be May 6, 2026 in the Council Chambers.
Brad Anderson made a motion to adjourn the meeting. Brenda Wilson seconded the motion. With a 5-0 vocal
vote, the meeting was adjourned at 6:28 p.m.
|
Vigo County acknowledges its responsibility to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. Anyone who requires an auxiliary aid or service for effective
communication, or a modification of policies or procedures to participate in a program, service, or activity of the Vigo County Government, should contact the office
of Tammy York-Allen, ADA Coordinator 650 S Ist Street, Terre Haute, IN 47807, Phone 812-231-6200, e-mail tammy. york-allen@vigocounty.in.gov as soon as possible but
no later than three business days before the scheduled event.

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_4.14.26] PAGE 7 =====
VIGO COUNTY COUNCIL APRIL 14, 2026 MEETING MINUTES
Presented to the Vigo County Council and adopted this 12% day of May, 2026
ADOPTION INFORMATION
Official Vote Signature
Aye | Nay po Af
eT ean le Milan
inde (VL
cde hh)
wm Lf
Re anon ry fe
oe oA |
0 cs
. _ aS
£ B AG
PAL[ Oo [Sects Om eu J
Dn ZE-
|
