
===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_10.14.25] PAGE 1 =====
VIGO COUNTY COUNCIL
Meeting Minutes
Tuesday, October 14, 2025 at 5:00 P.M.
Council Chambers, Vigo County Government Center

Pledge of Allegiance

President David Thompson called the meeting to order at 5:00 p.m.
Calling of the Roll

Present: Randy Gentry, Nancy Allsup, Brenda Wilson, Steve Ellis, Vicki Weger, Brad
Anderson, David Thompson
Correcting the Journal of the Preceding Meetings if Needed

September 2, 2025 Special Call Meeting

September 2, 2025 Sunshine Meeting

September 9, 2025 Executive Session

September 9, 2025 Council Meeting

September 18, 2025 Special Call Meeting
There were no corrections to the September 2, 2025 Special Call Meeting minutes, Brenda
Wilson made a motion to approve the minutes of the September 2, 2025 Special Call Meeting
minutes as presented. Nancy Allsup seconded the motion. The motion passed upon a vocal vote.
There were no corrections to the September 2, 2025 Sunshine Meeting minutes, Brenda Wilson
made a motion to approve the minutes of the September 2, 2025 Sunshine Meeting minutes as
presented. Nancy Allsup seconded the motion. The motion passed upon a vocal vote.
There were no corrections to the September 9, 2025 Executive Session Meeting minutes, Brenda
Wilson made a motion to approve the minutes of the September 9, 2025 Executive Session
Meeting minutes as presented. Nancy Allsup seconded the motion. The motion passed upon a
vocal vote.
There were no corrections to the September 9, 2025 Council Meeting minutes, Nancy Allsup
made a motion to approve the minutes of the September 9, 2025 Council Meeting minutes as
presented. Brad Anderson seconded the motion. The motion passed upon a vocal vote.
There were no corrections to the September 18, 2025 Special Call Meeting minutes, Brad.
Anderson made a motion to approve the minutes of the September 18, 2025 Council Meeting
minutes as presented. Brenda Wilson seconded the motion. The motion passed upon a vocal
vote.

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_10.14.25] PAGE 2 =====
Communications from Elected Officials or Agencies of the County
Council member Steve Ellis took the floor and apologized for comments made by him to Auditor
Larry Hutchings outside of Council meetings. Steve Ellis then noted he had done a reading of
County Council Ordinance 2025-2 at the October 7, 2025 Sunshine meeting. He then read
County Council Ordinance 2025-2 and said this would act as the second reading. Steve Ellis
then made a motion to adopt County Council Ordinance 2025-2 as presented. Vicki Weger
seconded Steve Ellis’ motion. Council President David Thompson said he would defer to
Council Attorney Michael Wright about this being the proper procedure the Council uses to
adopt ordinances. David then said he needed to clarify some information discussed outside of
Council meetings. He said Steve Ellis had not been “taken off of the agenda” for this meeting.
David cited Council Rule 11, and said Council rules dictate the agenda format and the section for
“Communication from Elected Officials or Agencies of the County” always contains a platform
for Steve Ellis. David Thompson then gave a brief overview of communications between Steve
and himself and said he did not believe the language in the Ordinance was something that should
be passed by the fiscal body of government, but the legislative body. He deferred to Council
Attorney Michael Wright. Michael Wright said it was his opinion the Council rules dictate a
roughly two week deadline ahead of Council meetings to allow for the presentation of associated
documents to elected officials ahead of the meetings. He said with this framework, requests that
do not meet the deadline with supporting documents are just pushed to the next meeting of the
Council unless the request is urgent enough to require a special meeting of the Council. Michael
said it was his opinion the Council had the right to know what was coming before them, and if
the first presentation the Ordinance the Council received was the previous meeting, he did not
believe this fit into the time period allowed by the rules for the Council to receive counsel from
their constituents. Michael said he agreed with Council member Ellis that Steve had every right
to present an ordinance and have it considered by the Council, but he said he did not believe it
was in order to take action on the Ordinance at this meeting due to the truncated time period the
Council had access to it. Michael said he didn’t believe Steve Ellis’ motion was in order as
provided by Council rules. David Thompson said this meeting was not the right time to consider
this matter. David asked if the motion needed rescinded. Michael said he didn’t believe an out of
order motion needed rescinded. David Thompson indicated his intent to proceed with the
meeting. Randy Gentry noted Steve Ellis had the right to present an ordinance to be considered
at this meeting citing Council Rule 7. Randy said the rules stated the Council could introduce an
ordinance and pass the ordinance in the same meeting if two-thirds of the Council agree. Randy
said it was in his opinion councilperson Ellis had followed the proper procedure for filing an
ordinance as outlined in Council rules. Randy expressed his belief there was no legal basis to
prevent this motion from coming to a vote. Randy said he was appealing the President’s ruling
and asked for a vote to overrule the President’s ruling to not vote on the motion in question.
Michael Wright reiterated he believed Steve Ellis had every right to file an ordinance, the
Council rules provide for a longer time for considering any action. Randy Gentry reiterated he
believed a two-thirds majority vote would be enough to pass an ordinance no matter the timeline.
David Thompson said he wanted to move consideration of County Council Ordinance
2025-2 to the November County Council meeting. Randy Gentry appealed the president’s
decision to move consideration of County Council Ordinance 2025-2 to the November

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_10.14.25] PAGE 3 =====
County Council Meeting. Upon a roll call vote to the pending appeal, voting was as follows:
Randy Gentry — vote to overrule; Nancy Allsup — vote to overrule; Brenda Wilson — nay;
Steve Ellis — vote to overrule; Vicki Weger — vote to overrule; Brad Anderson — vote to
overrule; David Thompson — nay. With a vote of 5-2, the president’s decision was
overruled. In discussion for Steve Ellis’ pending motion, councilperson Brenda Wilson
expressed her concern about taking action in a short time-period on an ordinance presented
without warning to the Council. Brenda Wilson said she believed taking action without being
presented with more information was irresponsible. There was brief discussion about the
language used in the ordinance and what the ordinance would allow the Council to do or not do
in regards to funding options for local schools. Randy Gentry expressed his displeasure with the
process so far of bringing this Ordinance to a vote. Vicki Weger briefly discussed other funding
responsibilities the Council has and described problems with jail overcrowding. Brenda Wilson
suggested adequately funding schools could be a solution to the County’s jail overcrowding
problem. Steve Ellis briefly discussed his support for nicer school facilities, and expressed his
concern related to changes to County funding as a result to changing state laws. Brad Anderson
said he believed it was too early to make a fair decision on this Ordinance. Brenda Wilson she
believed the language in the Ordinance passing funding decisions to the taxpayers was
irresponsible at this stage due to the lack of information. She said the proposed oversight
committee at a previous Council meeting could be a solution and there could be other
possibilities for funding outside of county funds. Michael Wright noted typically when an
ordinance is up for consideration the floor is open to public comment ahead of Council
consideration of the proposed ordinance. Michael said it was his opinion that public comment be
allowed. Randy Gentry cited Council rules dictating the format for Council meeting agendas
putting public comment at the end of the meeting. Randy Gentry requested David Thompson
give him the floor. David Thompson declined Randy’s request. Commissioner Chris Switzer
approached the Council. Randy Gentry said he believed it was inappropriate to get additional
testimony from the floor citing Robert’s Rules of Order. David Thompson opened the floor to
Commissioner Chris Switzer. Randy Gentry appealed the President’s decision to open the
floor. In discussion, Michael Wright said he believed comments from officials were commonly
allowed before consideration at other Council meetings. Randy claimed they were not. Upona
roll call vote to the pending appeal, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — vote to overrule;
Nancy Allsup — vote to overrule; Brenda Wilson — nay; Steve Ellis — vote to overrule; Vicki
Weger — vote to overrule; Brad Anderson — nay; David Thompson — nay. With a vote of 4-
3, the president’s decision was overruled. In further discussion of the pending motion, David
Thompson stressed the importance of the Vigo County School Corporation’s consolidation and
modernization plan. He said he believed this matter deserved more thoughtful consideration. He
expressed his displeasure at various threats he said were made to Council members and the
Auditor for attempting to adhere to Council procedures. David said there was a Special Call
Meeting scheduled for October 29, 2025 for the Council to express concerns and shape the way
the school consolidation and modernization would be carried out and that taking this action
would be premature. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows:
Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — nay; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki
Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — nay; David Thompson — nay. The motion passed 4-3.

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_10.14.25] PAGE 4 =====
Reports from Committees
a. Annual Budget Committee Update
Brad Anderson provided the highlights from Annual Budget Committee sessions. He said the
committee had cut approximately $1 million from departmental requests. Brad noted this year’s
budget would still be higher than last year due to increasing costs of health insurance and
bringing the rest of the County to the midpoint outlined in the Baker Tilly study. Brad said the
committee made serious attempts to save as much money as possible.
Resolutions and Ordinances Other than Appropriations
a. Final Reading of the Vigo County 2026 Budget
Auditor Larry Hutchings presented the final reading of the 2026 annual budget for Vigo County
as follows: Be it ordained/resolved by the Vigo County Council that for the expenses of Vigo
County for the year ending December 31, 2026 the sums herein specified are hereby
appropriated and ordered set apart out of the several funds herein named and for the purposes
specified subject to the laws governing the same. Such sums herein appropriated shall be held to
include all expenditures authorized to be made during the year, unless otherwise expressly
stipulated and provided for by law. In addition, for the purposes of raising revenue to meet the
necessary expenses of Vigo County, the property tax levies ad property tax rate herein specified
are included herein. Budget Form 4-B for all funds must be completed and submitted in the
manner prescribed by the Department of Local Government Finance. This ordinance/resolution
shall be in full force and effect from and after its passage and approval by the Vigo County
Council. Casino/Riverboat Fund: $135,000, Rainy Day Fund: $0, General Fund: $56,775,028,
2015 Reassessment: $1,326,506, Highway Fund: $6,215,105, Local Road & Street: $1,260,000,
Cumulative Bridge Fund: $968,700, Health Fund: $2,433,811, Emergency Telephone System
Fund: $782,040, Park & Recreation Fund: $1,798,248, Park Nonreverting — Capital: $30,000,
Cumulative Capital Development $360,000, Economic Development Income Tax Credit:
$9,733,650, Home-Ruled Funds: $17,381.656. Total: $99,199,744. There were no questions.
Randy Gentry made a motion to approve the Vigo County 2026 Budget as presented. Steve
Ellis seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as
follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye;
Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the
motion passed.
b. Final Reading of the Binding Units 2026 Annual Budgets
Auditor Larry Hutchings gave the final reading of the 2026 annual budget for the Binding Units
as follows: Be it ordained/resolved by the Vigo County Council that for the expenses of Terre
Haute International Airport, Vigo County Solid Waste Management District, Honey Creek Fire
Protection District, New Goshen Fire Protection District, Riley Fire Protection District, Sugar
Creek Township Fire District, and the Prairieton Fire Protection District for the year ending
December 31, 2026 the sums herein specified are hereby appropriated and ordered set apart out
of the several funds herein named and for the purposes specified subject to the laws governing
the same. Such sums herein appropriated shall be held to include all expenditures authorized to

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_10.14.25] PAGE 5 =====
be made during the year, unless otherwise expressly stipulated and provided for by law. In
addition, for the purposes of raising revenue to meet the necessary expenses of the Terre Haute
International Airport, Vigo County Solid Waste Management District, Honey Creek Fire
Protection District, New Goshen Fire Protection District, Riley Fire Protection District, Sugar
Creek Township Fire District, and the Prairieton Fire Protection District, the property tax levies
ad property tax rate herein specified are included herein. Budget Form 4-B for all funds must be
completed and submitted in the manner prescribed by the Department of Local Government
Finance. This ordinance/resolution shall be in full force and effect from and after its passage and
approval by the Vigo County Council.
Terre Haute International Airport: $3,393,580. There were no questions. Vicki Weger made a
motion to approve the Terre Haute International Airport 2026 Budget as presented. Randy
Gentry seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as
follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye;
Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the
motion passed.
Vigo County Solid Waste Management: $442,700. There were no questions. Randy Gentry
made a motion to approve the Vigo County Solid Waste Management 2026 Budget as
presented. Brad Anderson seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending
motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson —
aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye.
With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
Honey Creek Fire Protection: $3,781,156. There were no questions. Brenda Wilson made a
motion to approve the Honey Creek Fire Protection 2026 Budget as presented. Randy
Gentry seconded the motion. This motion passed with a 7-0 vocal vote.
New Goshen Fire Protection District: $288,868. There were no questions. Brenda Wilson made
a motion to approve the New Goshen Fire Protection District 2026 Budget as presented.
Randy Gentry seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting
was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis
— aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0,
the motion passed.
Lost Creek Fire Protection District: $527,174. There were no questions. Randy Gentry made a
motion to approve the Lost Creek Fire Protection District 2026 Budget as presented. Vicki
Weger seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as
follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye;
Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the
motion passed.

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_10.14.25] PAGE 6 =====
Riley Fire Protection District: $681,844. There were no questions. Randy Gentry made a
motion to approve the Riley Fire Protection District 2026 Budget as presented. Nancy
Allsup seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as
follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye;
Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the
motion passed.
Sugar Creek Township Fire District: $1,221,279. There were no questions. Brenda Wilson
made a motion to approve the Sugar Creek Township Fire District 2026 Budget as
presented. Nancy Allsup seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion,
voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye;
Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a
vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
Prairieton Fire Protection District: $366,685. There were no questions. Brenda Wilson made a
motion to approve the Prairieton Fire Protection District 2026 Budget as presented. Randy
Gentry seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as
follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye;
Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the
motion passed.
c. Final Reading of the Capital Improvement Board 2026 Budget
The Capital Improvement Board 2026 Budget was then presented to the Council. Total receipts:
$4,771,000. Total disbursements: $9,700,000. Randy Gentry had questions about how to
interpret this budget since it was presented in a different format compared to the Vigo County
and Binding Units’ budgets. Terre Haute mayor and member of the Captial Improvement Board
Brandon Sakbun approached the Council and gave a brief explanation of the receipts of the
Board and Disbursements. Brandon explained the Council acted as a “back-up” to the CIB. He
said the County is not necessarily overseeing the Board itself and instead the property tax backup
to a bond they provide a one-page executive summary to the Council to approve. Randy asked
about the differences in disbursements compared to receipts. Brandon explained in an effort to
get the Indiana Theater operational and bringing in revenue, an effort will be made to have the
Theater run by the private sector. He said if this effort fails, there is $5,000,000 contingency plan
reflected in the disbursement section as a “worst-case scenario.” Randy asked if the County
would be responsible for this $5 million if discussions and efforts to court private management
for the Indiana Theater do not occur. Brandon said the CIB would be responsible for the
$5,000,000 because the Board oversees funds brought in from the Food & Beverage Tax and
revenue from that tax would have to be used by the CIB. Brenda Wilson made a motion to
approve the Capital Improvement Board 2026 Budget as presented. Nancy Allsup
seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows:
Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_10.14.25] PAGE 7 =====
Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion
passed.
d. Petition to Appeal for an Increase Above the Maximum Levy — Lost Creek Fire
Growth Factor
This petition was discussed at the sunshine meeting. Seelyville Fire Deputy Chief John
Hendricks briefly explained the purpose of the petition once again. John said he would like to
move Lost Creek Fire to an advanced life support non-transport agency. Vicki Weger asked what
services an advanced life support non-transport agency provides. John explained Lost Creek Fire
was currently a basic life support agency allowing them to provide limited medical support. He
said the upgrade would allow for services like IV’s in the field and treatments for low blood
sugar and more. He said services like these can be important in locations in Nevins Township
where ambulances are 25 minutes away. Randy Gentry said passing these petitions would help
solve a few issues caused by the absorption of Nevins township fire district by Lost Creek Fire.
Brenda Wilson made a motion to approve the Petition to Appeal for an Increase Above the
Maximum Levy. Randy Gentry seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending
motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson —
aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye.
With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
e. Petition to Appeal for an Increase Above the Maximum Levy — Lost Creek Fire
Extension of Services
This petition was discussed at the sunshine meeting and during discussion for approval of the
petition outlined above. There were no further questions. Randy Gentry made a motion to
approve the Petition to Appeal for an Increase Above the Maximum Levy. Brenda Wilson
seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows:
Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki
Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion
passed.
f. Resolution 2025-4: Amended Statement of Benefits for Tax Abatement of Great
Dane Limited Partnership
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. Attorney for Great Dane Brent Auberry and
Director of Manufacturing at Great Dane Cory R Lookebill approached the Council to answer
any further questions. Brent said he had sent the Auditor’s Office target dates in 2026 for the
Great Dane project in response for Council’s request for a project timeline. Cory took the
podium and provided a brief update on the status of the Great Dane project. Randy Gentry asked
if the timeline adjustment in this request to amend Great Dane would interact new laws and
procedures outlined in Indiana SB1. Brent said Great Dane would be above caps outlined in the
new laws. Brad Anderson expressed his support for Great Dane’s investment in the community.

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_10.14.25] PAGE 8 =====
Brad Anderson made a motion to approve Resolution 2025-4: Amended Statement of
Benefits for Tax Abatement of Great Dane Limited Partnership. Vicki Weger seconded the
motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry
— aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad
Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.

g. Resolution 2025-5: Parks and Recreation - Hoosier Jack Land Co. Agreement
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There were no further questions. Brad
Anderson made a motion to approve Resolution 2025-5 of the Common Council of Vigo
County. Vicki Weger seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion,
voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye;
Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a
vote of 7-0, the motion passed.

bh. Resolution of Re-Allocation of Existing Appropriation 2025-07: Clerk’s Office —

Transfer of Funds

This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There were no further questions. Randy
Gentry made a motion to approve Resolution of Re-Allocation of Existing Appropriation
2025-07. Vicki Weger seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion,
voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye;
Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a
vote of 7-0, the motion passed.

i. Amended Salary Ordinance 2025-20: Clerk’s Office — Salary Ordinance

Correction

This request was discussed the sunshine meeting. Randy clarified this vote was to correct the
salary ordinance, not to appropriate more funds. Vigo County Clerk LeAnna Moore confirmed
this was true. Randy Gentry made a motion to approve Amended Salary Ordinance 2025-
20. Brenda Wilson seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion,
voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye;
Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a
vote of 7-0, the motion passed.

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_10.14.25] PAGE 9 =====
Ordinances Relating to Appropriations
a. Additional Appropriation 2025-50: Clerk’s Office — Salary Ordinance
Correction
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. Brenda Wilson made a motion to approve
Additional Appropriation 2025-50. Brad Anderson seconded the motion. In discussion,
Randy Gentry asked to confirm this was the money from a different fund being appropriated to
pay the employee missed by the previous amendment to the salary ordinance. LeAnna confirmed
this was true. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy
Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger —
aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
b. Additional Appropriation 2025-51: Group Homes — Emergency Repairs
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There were no further questions. Randy
Gentry made a motion to approve Additional Appropriation 2025-51. Brenda Wilson
seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows:
Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki
Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion
passed.
c. Additional Appropriation 2025-52: Prosecutor’s Office — Infraction Deferral
Fund Request
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There were no further questions. Brenda
Wilson made a motion to approve Additional Appropriation 2025-52. Nancy Allsup
seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows:
Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki
Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion
passed.
d. Additional Appropriation 2025-53: Commissioners — LIT Correctional Rehab
Facilities or LIT Special Purpose Fund request
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There were no further questions. Brad
Anderson made a motion to approve Additional Appropriation 2025-53. Brenda Wilson
seconded the motion. Chris Switzer asked the Council to clarify which Fund the approved
additional appropriation would appropriate the Funds from. Chris Switzer recommended Fund
1233 LIT Correctional Rehab Facilities. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting
was as follows: Randy Gentry — nay; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis
— aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 6-1,
the motion passed.

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_10.14.25] PAGE 10 =====
Honorary Resolutions
There were none.
Resolutions Relating to Fiscal Policies of the Council
There were none.
Appointments
There were none.
Public Comment
Terre Haute Mayor Brandon Sakbun approached the Council and said he would like to clarify a
statement from Councilperson Weger regarding the city requesting $1 million for “a trail.” He
said this was a project applied for approximately 4 years ago and was split between the city and
county. He said he received a request over the summer to explore a partnership between the city
and county to help due to the financial losses attributed to Indiana SB1. Brandon briefly
explained the process of calculating the funding of the project in question, and said he was told
to come before the Budget Committee to explore a partnership and he was completely fine if the
County did not want to work with the city further on this project.
Brandon then expressed his disappointment with the Council’s decision on Ordinance 2025-2
and his support for an independent oversight committee. He said this committee would have the
ability to find funding methods outside of increased property taxes like grants. Randy Gentry
said he had questioned the legislation allowing the Commissioners to establish an oversight
committee and it was his view the action the Council took at this meeting returned the ability to
fund a school consolidation and modernization plan to constituents. Randy said the city could
fund the committee if they chose to. Brandon Sakbun clarified the county would have more seats
on the committee and this was the reason the County was considered for contributing funding
toward the committee. Brandon Sakbun then noted Randy Gentry’s statement from earlier in the
meeting about a two-thirds majority vote to pass the Ordinance tonight and pointed out the
Council did not receive the two-thirds majority Brandon said Randy had earlier said was
required. The proposed formation of an oversight committee was briefly discussed. Brandon said
he would discuss this further with Randy at a later time. Brandon then said encouraging a public
referendum on this issue would lead to higher property taxes and the proposed committee would
have an opportunity to fix schools without raising property taxes. Brenda Wilson said it was her
understanding that tax revenue from the casino were going to fund or play a large role in funding
the formation of the committee. Brandon confirmed with Commissioner Chris Switzer this was
true and no property taxes would have been used. Steve Ellis asked if anyone on the committee
would be on payroll. Brandon said the committee was all volunteer and there was nothing about
compensation in the legislation. Steve Ellis said the Ordinance passed tonight just stopped the
funding of this committee. He asked if there was a possibility of a private donor. Brandon said
when it came to acquiring funds from grants, private donations, or a public taxing entity, a
committee should be created for transparency. There was brief discussion about how the duties
of the County Council would interact with the proposed committee. Brandon said there should be

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_10.14.25] PAGE 11 =====
a discussion about whether or not this Council was even interested in a conversation around
schools that requires something outside of property taxes to happen.
Honey Creek Fire Protection District Trustee Joe Shackleford approached the Council and
expressed his concern the vocal vote instead of a roll call vote would cause an issue when it
came to submitting their budget to state agencies.
Matt Larimer from 363 West Cutsinger Drive, Terre Haute approached the Council. He
expressed his disappointment with public comment not being allowed before the Council’s
decision on Ordinance 2025-2. He expressed his disappointment with the state government for
putting Vigo County in a position he said caused public servants to argue with each other. He
said he believed the state was not providing communities adequate funding for school facilities
and teachers.
Leela Porter, Vigo County Resident, said she had graduated from Terre Haute North High
School and agree the schools were in disrepair. Porter said she believed discussion should center
on how to maintain public school facilities already in place. She expressed her displeasure with
the Indiana BMV practices. She expressed her concern with the welfare and economic status of
children in the community.
Terre Haute City Councilperson Curtis DeBaun approached the Council and expressed his
sympathy with the Council duties. He expressed his displeasure with the Council vote on
Ordinance 2025-2 without allowing public comment first. He said it was his opinion a
Councilperson having the ability to create an ordinance on the spot, without the ordinance being
advertised on the county website or newspaper was not the right action no matter the alleged
legality of the proceedings. He noted he had never seen public comment denied on an agenda
item. Randy Gentry said he would plan to propose a change in Council rules to place public
comment at the top of meetings agendas going forward. Curtis said he believed this would be a
step in the right direction for county government. Vicki Weger expressed her displeasure with
the City Council’s recent decision on allowing a development.
Marie Theisz from 5845 Camden Road, Vigo County, approached the Council. She noted the
comments made by people at this meeting cited changes in state legislation creating funding
issues and said she had attempted to fight this legislation. She said she believed Senator Goode’s
legislation allowing for this proposed committee would be a solution to school funding issues.
She said historically partnerships have been formed between schools and other entities and the
schools would like the conversation to continue and avenue open for support like the County has
done for other entities. Marie questioned if Council had reached out to businesses, teachers,
parents, and had visited schools both in the community and outside for comparison before
making their decision on Ordinance 2025-2 at this meeting. She said she hoped the Council’s
decision was not the end of any potential partnership between County entities in regards to
school improvement. Steve Ellis claimed his work creating videos and distributing them on
social media kept him in touch with the thoughts of the community. Marie claimed these videos

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_10.14.25] PAGE 12 =====
would only solicit comment from those who follow him on social media. There was brief
discussion about the logistics of the proposed school consolidation and modernization plan.
Marie expressed her displeasure with the Council’s decision and disagreement with Steve Ellis’
position. She said changes would need made with community schools with or without the
County’s partnership due to the state of the schools. She encouraged Council reach out to
teachers and students.
Vigo County resident Ryan McGuire approached the Council. He expressed his displeasure with
the Council decision on Ordinance 2025-2. Ryan said he believed the reason some students were
being enrolled in schools in other community was not size, but the quality of the buildings in
those communities. He said the County could not fix changes made by the state legislature, but
could collaborate more effectively in regards to school improvement and this ordinance had
taken the ability of the Council to provide funding support. Ryan criticized the duration of the
seven day timeline before considering this ordinance. He said this did not allow the Council time
to visit schools. Vicki Weger said she had visited these schools. Ryan asked her opinion on their
status. Vicki confirmed they needed improved. Ryan expressed his displeasure about the
Council’s decision taking away the possibility for the Council’s collaboration between various
entities. He said the proposed $100,000 to fund the oversight community was small in relation to
the fund appropriated to other expenditures and he disagreed with funding going to other projects
and not public schools. He said it was his belief investment in schools would be a potential
solution to the County’s jail overcrowding problem. David Thompson expressed his support for
Ryan’s comments and briefly expressed his own issues with the state of the public schools. He
also said high paying positons in Terre Haute would not be sending their kids to Terre Haute
schools due to their issues, and may look for residence elsewhere. Randy Gentry said it should
not be the County’s decision to help fund this school project, but the voters and reiterated he
believed this Ordinance did not stop the oversight committee being formed for the project or
prevent partnership between the county or other entities. Ryan expressed his disappointment with
the Council putting this responsibility onto the voters, saying the Council members were elected
to make decisions in the best interest of the voters. Randy Gentry claimed previous Councils had
not been asked to spend millions on school facilities. Ryan noted $100,000 was the proposed
future ask for the committee.
President of the Vigo County Teacher’s Association Aaron Warner approached the Council and
asked Steve Ellis to clarify statements he made about teachers possibly being threatened or
coerced to contact Council about the proposed school consolidation and modernization plan.
Steve Ellis said he had just heard teachers were possibly being asked to explain why they did not
support the project. Aaron said teachers were free to support whatever stance they chose, but like
previous referendums the Union had asked teachers for their support for this project as well.
Aaron voiced his concern potential businesses looking to establish themselves in Vigo County
would be discouraged by the state of the local schools. He voiced his displeasure with the optics
| of Steve Ellis’ statements to local media and Council’s vote at this meeting. Aaron expressed his
disappointment with the Council’s decision and how it interacted with state legislation allowing
Vigo County to utilize an oversight committee to obtain information about the proposed school

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_10.14.25] PAGE 13 =====
project and any potential partnerships between the School Corporation and the County. Aaron
asked David Thompson about mechanisms that would reverse the decision. David Thompson
deferred to Council Attorney Michael Wright. Michael said it was his opinion government
decisions were never set in stone, and there could be ways to reverse the decision if feelings
among the Council change. Steve Ellis said he had heard the School Corporation had
approximately $150 million, and asked why the School Corporation would spend this money on
new facilities instead of repairing and maintaining the old facilities. Aaron said he had recently
been part of bargaining and claimed Steve’s numbers were incorrect. He said the rainy day fund
had $13 million, and the cash balance was approximately $35 million.
Michael Ellis approached the Council and said it was his opinion the Council’s decision at this
meeting did not stop an oversight committee from being formed. He said it was his belief the
school corporation should pay for the initial funding.
Vigo County Resident Steve Herald approached the Council and said it was his opinion the
School Corporation should maintain the buildings they have instead of building new facilities.
Adjournment
Brad Anderson made a motion to adjourn the meeting. Brenda Wilson seconded the motion.
With a vocal vote, the meeting was adjourned at 7:27 p.m.

[Signature Page to Follow]

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_10.14.25] PAGE 14 =====
MINUTES OF THE VIGO COUNTY COUNCIL MEETING
OCTOBER 14, 2025
Presented to the Vigo County Council, read in fill and adopted as written this 12" day of November, 2025.
Aye [| Absent [ ] Randy
wey FE] abstain [7] Gay
Aye [| Absent [ ] Nancy
All
Nay [| Abstain [ | muP
Aye [| Absent [| Brenda
Nay [J Abstain [7] Wilson
Aye Absent Steve
[I . LJ Ellis
Nay [| Abstain [| Se
Aye [ ] Absent [_] Vicki
Nay [| Abstain [| Weger_
Aye [| Absent [| Brad
Nay [ |] Abstain [_ ] Anderson
Aye [| Absent [| David
Nay [ | Abstain [| Thompson —
Attest:
f.
Larry T. Hutchings, II
Auditor
| Cow Would volt Sq minutes Wfialrs
|
|
