
===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_2.10.26] PAGE 1 =====
VIGO COUNTY COUNCIL
Meeting Minutes
Tuesday, February 10, 2025 at 5:00 P.M.
Council Chambers, Vigo County Government Center

Pledge of Allegiance

President Steve Ellis called the meeting to order at 5:00 p.m.
Calling of the Roll

Present: Randy Gentry, Nancy Allsup, Brenda Wilson, Steve Ellis, Vicki Weger, Brad Anderson, David
Thompson
Correcting the Journal of the Preceding Meetings if Needed

November 4, 2025 Sunshine Meeting

November 12, 2025 Meeting

December 10, 2025 Special Meeting

December 29, 2025 Special Meeting

January 6, 2026 Organizational Meeting
There were no corrections to the November 4, 2025 Sunshine Meeting minutes, Vicki Weger made a motion to
approve the minutes of the November 4, 2025 Sunshine Meeting minutes as presented. Nancy Allsup seconded
the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David
Thompson — abstain; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Steve
Ellis — aye. With a vote of 6-0, the motion passed.
There were no corrections to the November 12, 2025 Meeting minutes, Vicki Weger made a motion to approve
the minutes of the November 12, 2025 Meeting minutes as presented. Nancy Allsup seconded the motion. Upon
a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye;
Nancy Allsup — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a
vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
There were no corrections to the December 10, 2025 Special Meeting minutes, Nancy Allsup made a motion to
approve the minutes of the December 10, 2025 Special Meeting minutes as presented. Randy Gentry seconded
the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David
Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Steve
Ellis — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
There were no corrections to the December 29, 2025 Special Meeting minutes, Vicki Weger made a motion to
approve the minutes of the December 29, 2025 Special Meeting minutes as presented. Brad Anderson seconded
the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David
Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — abstain; Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry — abstain,
Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 5-0, the motion passed.
There were no corrections to the January 6, 2026 Organizational Meeting minutes, Nancy Allsup made a motion
to approve the minutes of the January 6, 2026 Organizational Meeting minutes as presented. Vicki Weger
seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye;

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_2.10.26] PAGE 2 =====
David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry — aye;
Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.

Communications from Elected Officials or Agencies of the County

Commissioner Mike Morris approached the Council and said the Commissioners would need to appropriate
money for County Assessor Kevin Gardner’s request for a CAMA software provider change before the
commissioners’ signed a contract. This request was discussed at the previous Council meeting.

Terre Haute Mayor Brandon Sakbun approached the Council and requested the Council appoint two Council
members in the near future to join appointments from the City of Terre Haute, the Sheriff, and a member of the
Human Relations Commission to form a committee to work on an action plan for the best use of Opioid
Settlement Funds being provided to local governments. Brandon exressed gratitude to the Council for approving
funding for local warming centers at the end of 2025.

a. Vigo County School Oversight Committee February Report

Commissioner Mark Clinkenbeard approached the Council and introduced the Vigo County School Oversight
Committee. He briefly described the selection process for all of the members. Oversight Board Member Mark
Metheny approached the Council and gave a presentation providing information on the philosophy of the
Oversight Committee, actions done by the committee so far, and outside help and agencies contracted by this
committee. Mark said the purpose of the Committee was to evaluate which school consolidation and
modernization plan was right for the community and responsible to taxpayers. He said physical analysis of all
existing school corporation has been done by the Committee. Mark said the Committee has overviewed six
potential consolidation and modernization plans. He said the Committee had contracted with Stifel Municipal
Advisory Firm to gain background on public school financing and have been provided presentations on
background with Superintendent Chris Himsel. Mark gave a brief overview of attorneys contracted and efforts
to understand the impact of Senate Enrolled Act 1 from Indiana State Government. Mark stressed to the Council
the Committee wanted the Council members’ input.

Council Ordinance 2026-1: Ordinance of the County Council of Vigo County, Indiana Authorizing and
Approving the Investment of Public Funds by the Vigo County Treasurer

Auditor Larry Hutchings explained this ordinance was a regular action taken by the County Council each year
allowing Treasurer Josie Thompson to investment county funds, collecting interest. Randy Gentry made a
motion to approve Council Ordinance 2026-1. Brenda Wilson seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the
pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye;
Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion
passed.

Public Comment

Michael Ellis approached the Council and asked for the School Oversight Committee to give an update on
$100,000 appropriated by the Council. Mark Metheny said the Committee had not spent any of the $100,000
appropriated by Council or had formally entered into any contracts with the funds.

Reports from Committees

a. Annual Budget Committee Update — February 10, 2026 at 3 p.m. Hearing Update

Randy Gentry with the Annual Budget Committee gave a brief report of the Budget Committee Hearing earlier
that day. He said the Committee was recommending the full Council table Amended Salary Ordinance 2026-1,
Additional Appropriation 2026-5, Additional Appropriation 2026-7, Additional Appropriation 2026-8, and
Additional Appropriation 2026-9. There was discussion among the Council on if there would be another Annual

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_2.10.26] PAGE 3 =====
Budget Committee Hearing before July. Steve Ellis said the plan was to not have another hearing before July,
but one could possibly be required. There was discussion on the stipend per meeting Council members are
compensated for serving on the Annual Budget Committee. Steve Ellis confirmed the stipend was $150 per
meeting
Resolutions and Ordinances Other than Appropriations
a. Resolution of Re-Allocation of Existing Appropriation 2026-1: Health Department — Transfer
for Griffin Bike Park Building Costs
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There were no further questions. Brenda Wilson made a
motion to approve Resolution of Re-Allocation of Existing Appropriation 2026-1. Nancy Allsup seconded the
motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David
Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Steve
Ellis — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
Ordinances Relating to Appropriations
a. Additional Appropriation 2026-1: Parks Department — Griffin Bike Park: Building Bikes (B2)
Program
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There were no further questions. Randy Gentry made a
motion to approve Additional Appropriation 2026-1. Brenda Wilson seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote
for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup —
aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the
motion passed.
b. Additional Appropriation 2026-2: Health Department — Crossroads Care Clinic Funding
Request
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There were no further questions. Brenda Wilson made a
motion to approve Additional Appropriation 2026-2. Randy Gentry seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote
for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup —
aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the
motion passed.
c. Additional Appropriation 2026-3: Health Department — New Life Fellowship Compassion
Ministries Food Pantry Funding Request
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There were no further questions. Brenda Wilson made a
motion to approve Additional Appropriation 2026-3. Randy Gentry seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote
for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup —
aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the
| motion passed.
d. Additional Appropriation 2026-4: Health Department — Thrive West Central Funding Request
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There were no further questions. Brenda Wilson made a
motion to approve Additional Appropriation 2026-4. Randy Gentry seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote
for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup —
aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the
motion passed.

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_2.10.26] PAGE 4 =====
e. Amended Salary Ordinance 2026-1: Community Corrections — Pre-Trial Screener Salary
Request

This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There was discussion about tabling Amended Salary
Ordinance 2026-1, Additional Appropriation 2026-5, Additional Appropriation 2026-7, Additional
Appropriation 2026-8, and Additional Appropriation 2026-9 as recommended by the Annual Budget
Committee. Chief Deputy Prosecutor Rob Roberts approached the Council and requested his request be heard
before Council. He reiterated his request, Additional Appropriation 2026-9, was in a different form than what
the 2025 Annual Budget Committee had denied, and would be funded through the User Fee Infraction Deferral
Fund with money from user fees collected. Rob said there was an employee in his office that had taken a pay
cut due to grant funding that was lost. He expressed his desire for the Council to vote on his request not table it.
There was discussion about the budget committee recommendation process. Randy Gentry made a motion to
table Amended Salary Ordinance 2026-1. Vicki Weger seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the
pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — nay; David Thompson — nay; Nancy Allsup — aye;
Brad Anderson — nay; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 4-3, the motion
passed.

f. Additional Appropriation 2026-5: Community Corrections — Pre-Trial Screener Salary

Request

This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There was discussion on why this request and other
requests were sent to the Annual Budget Committee for further discussion when these requests were for the
2026 budget year. There was additional discussion on some members of the Council’s desire for compensation
adjustment requests to wait for the annual budgeting process for 2027. Vicki Weger made a motion to recess the
meeting. Nancy Allsup seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as
follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — nay; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Randy
Gentry — nay; Vicki Weger — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 5-2, the motion passed.
The meeting recessed at 5:45 p.m.
The meeting was called back to order at 5:53 p.m.
Brenda Wilson made a motion to re-open discussion on Amended Salary Ordinance 2026-1. Vicki Weger
seconded the motion.
The Council began discussion on Amended Salary Ordinance 2026-1.
Amended Salary Ordinance 2026-1 (Further Discussion)
Randy Gentry clarified this request was not tabled until July, but tabled for further information. Brenda Wilson
made a motion to approve Amended Salary Ordinance 2026-1. Vicki Weger seconded the motion. In
discussion, Randy reiterated the purpose of his desire to table this request was to obtain further information.
There was discussion about further information being readily available from Bill Watson’s explanation of his
request at the sunshine meeting. Rob Roberts took the podium and said he was a member of the Community
Corrections Board and had been in contact will Bill Watson and communicated Bill was fine with this request
being tabled until the March Council meetings. Brenda Wilson withdrew her motion. Brenda Wilson made a
motion to table Amended Salary Ordinance 2026-1. Vicki Weger seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for
the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye;
Brad Anderson — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion
passed.
Brenda Wilson made a motion to table Additional Appropriation 2026-5. Nancy Allsup seconded the motion.
Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson —

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_2.10.26] PAGE 5 =====
aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Steve Ellis — aye.
With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
g. Additional Appropriation 2026-6: Community Corrections — Employee Benefits Funding
Request
This request was withdrawn.
h. Additional Appropriation 2026-7: Family Court Project Funding Request
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. J udge Lakshmi Reddy approached the Council. Brenda
Wilson made a motion to approve Additional Appropriation 2026-7. David Thompson seconded the motion. In
discussion, Larry Hutchings provided the cash balance at the time of this meeting for the Opioid Restricted
Fund. He said there was $870,966.32 in the Fund. There was discussion on the potential fund the employee
benefits for Community Corrections from this fund. Larry communicated there was $218,712.42 in the Opioid
Unrestricted Fund. Commissioner Chris Switzer communicated to Council it was the Commissioners’ belief
health insurance could not be funded through Opioid settlement funds. Council Attorney J ohn Goth said when
examining uses of Opioid Settlement dollars across the state, he found local governments have used the funding
to pay staffing. There was discussion on using Opioid Settlement Funds to pay for Bill Watson’s withdrawn
request discussed at the sunshine meeting. Laksmi Reddy gave a presentation on the benefits of her Family
Court Project. She expressed disappointment in Council’s apparent stance on funding this project. There was
brief discussion on budgeting concerns for this project. Randy Gentry confirmed the Annual Budget Committee
recommended the full Council table this request. Commissioner Chris Switzer said there were other Local
Income Tax Funds that could possibly handle the discussed request for employee benefits for Community
Corrections and this request possibly wouldn’t be impacted in this scenario. Terre Haute Mayor Brandon
Sakbun approached the Council and expressed his support for this project and said there were several funds this
project could be paid from. Vicki Weger expressed support for the project. Steve Ellis expressed his concerns
over the balances of County funds and possible effects of local government funding legislation at the state level.
Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson —
aye; Nancy Allsup — nay; Brad Anderson — aye; Randy Gentry — nay; Vicki Weger — aye; Steve Ellis — aye.
With a vote of 5-2, the motion passed.
i. Additional Appropriation 2026-8: Veteran’s Court — Salary Adjustment Request
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. Judge Charles Johnson approached Council and reiterated
this was not a request for a salary change, this was a request to supplement funding to get an employee the same
compensation he was being paid the previous year. Brenda Wilson made a motion to approve Additional
Appropriation 2026-8. David Thompson seconded the motion. In discussion, Randy Gentry expressed concerns
about the sustainability of funding employee positions from non-reverting funds. Upon a roll call vote for the
pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye;
Brad Anderson — aye; Randy Gentry — nay; Vicki Weger — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 6-1, the motion
| passed.
j. Additional Appropriation 2026-9: Prosecutor’s Office — Victim Assistance Assistant Director
Salary Adjustment
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. Chief Deputy Prosecutor Rob Roberts noted there had been
an increase in revenue in the User Fee Infraction Deferral Fund and this prompted this request out of this fund.
Randy once again expressed concerns about the sustainability of funding positions from non-reverting funds.
Brenda Wilson made a motion to approve Additional Appropriation 2026-9. Vicki Weger seconded the motion.
Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson —
aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Randy Gentry — nay; Vicki Weger — aye; Steve Ellis — aye.
With a vote of 6-1, the motion passed.

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_2.10.26] PAGE 6 =====
k. Additional Appropriation 2026-10: Council — Forensic Audit Request
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. Randy Gentry made a motion to approve Additional
Appropriation 2026-10 reading a revised version of this request into the record:

“A 150,000.00 shall be appropriated initially from the Vigo County general fund to County Council line item
30700 “professional services-legal” for the Vigo County Council to directly retain the services of special legal
representation to manage and oversee a thorough financial review of Vigo County’s financial fitness.

B. The Council President may serve as or may designate a member of the County Council to serve as a point
person/liaison to oversee any portion of the County Financial Review Project.

i. The Council President shall identify and retain a law firm to perform or oversee the performance of
the services requested to conduct the County Financial Review Project;

ii. The Council President or designee shall coordinate with the law firm to provide access to any and all
records, materials, information, and documents required to perform and complete the County Financial Review
Project;

iii. The Council President or designee shall provide monthly reports to Council at the Council’s regular
public meeting as to the status of the County Financial Review Project to provide public transparency of the
process; and

iv. The Council President or designee shall provide to the Council at a regular public meeting the final
findings of the County Financial Review Project.

C. Any and all funds associated with this transfer may be used for any legal expenses for any purpose or need
incurred by the Vigo County Council with approval of the majority of the County Council.
D. The County Financial Review Project shall conclude with a presentation and report of the project’s final
findings to the Council at a regular public meeting of the Council.”
Councilperson Brenda Wilson expressed concerns about appropriating $150,000 to perform a review of the
County’s financial fitness, when there were several avenues to do the same task which did not require an
appropriation. She referenced the State Board of Accounts’ regular audit of the Vigo County Auditor’s Office.
She said she was against this request. Councilman David Thompson asked Commissioner Mark Clinkenbeard if
there was going to be a similar financial review performed and presented to the School Oversight Committee at
a public meeting. Mark Clinkenbeard confirmed this was accurate and said advisory firm Baker Tilly provides a
financial review/forecast quarterly. There was discussion on potential “targets” of the requested forensic audit.
There was discussion about an appropriation of $1,887,499.75 from the LIT Public Safety Fund at the end of
2025. Mark said Baker Tilly projects county finances into the future and they will be forecasting for Vigo
County after assessing changes from Indiana Senate Bill 1. There was discussion on the estimated cost of an
audit like the one being requested. Attorney Chou-il Lee approached the Council and clarified that all audits are
point-and-time. He said SBOA can be opted out and statute allows for more “forward-facing” audit performed
by an independent firm. Auditor Larry Hutchings expressed his support for his office’s ability to provide
information and gave a brief history of efforts to complete the Annual Financial Report. The pending motion to
approve Additional Appropriation 2026-10 failed due to a lack of second.
|. Additional Appropriation 2026-11: 2026 Vigo County Budget Adjustments/Corrections —
General Fund

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_2.10.26] PAGE 7 =====
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. Brenda Wilson made a motion to approve Additional
Appropriation 2026-11. This motion to approve Additional Appropriation 2026-11 failed due to lack of a
second.
m. Additional Appropriation 2026-12: 2026 Vigo County Budget Adjustments/Corrections —
Various Funds
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There was no further discussion or motions related to this
request. Discussion moved on to the next agenda item.
n. Approving the Amended Ordinance Adopting the 2026 Salary Schedule and Compensation
Policies for Vigo County, Indiana General Employees

This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. Randy Gentry said the Annual Budget Committee had
recommended to table some of the proposed amendments to this ordinance and approve some of the proposed
amendments to this salary ordinance. There was discussion on what amendments the committee had
recommended to table and which amendments to the ordinance the committee was recommending to approve.
Judge Charles Johnson approached the Council and expressed his desire for the Council to approve the
adjustments and corrections to the Vigo County Budget.

Randy Gentry made a motion to approve the amendments to the Amended Ordinance Adopting the 2026 Salary
Schedule and Compensation Policies for Vigo County, Indiana General Employees with the exceptions of the
proposed changes to Section 10 (c.) and Section 13 asa whole. Nancy Allsup seconded the motion. Upon a roll
call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye; Nancy
Allsup — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of
7-0, the motion passed.

There was discussion on the necessity for Council to approve Additional Appropriation 2026-1 1 and Additional
Appropriation 2026-12.

Brenda Wilson made a motion to reopen discussion on Additional Appropriation 2026-11. Vicki Weger
seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye;
David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Vicki Weger — aye;
Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.

Additional Appropriation 2026-11 (Further Discussion)

Brenda Wilson made a motion to approve Additional Appropriation 2026-11. Nancy Allsup seconded the
motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David
Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Randy Gentry — nay; Vicki Weger — aye; Steve
Ellis — aye. With a vote of 6-1, the motion passed.

Brenda Wilson made a motion to reopen discussion on Additional Appropriation 2026-12. Vicki Weger
seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye;
David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Vicki Weger — aye;
Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.

Additional Appropriation 2026-12 (Further Discussion)

Brenda Wilson made a motion to approve Additional Appropriation 2026-12. Nancy Allsup seconded the
motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_2.10.26] PAGE 8 =====
Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Randy Gentry — nay; Vicki Weger — aye; Steve
Ellis — aye. With a vote of 6-1, the motion passed.
o. Approving the Amended Ordinance Adopting the 2026 Salary Schedule and Compensation
Policies for Vigo County Court Staff
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. Brenda Wilson made a motion to approve the Amended
Ordinance Adopting the 2026 Salary Schedule and Compensation Policies for Vigo County Court Staff. Vicki
Weger seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda
Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Vicki
Weger — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
p. Approving the Amended Ordinance Adopting the 2026 Salary Schedule and Compensation
Policies for Vigo County Prosecutors and Public Defenders

This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. Brenda Wilson made a motion to approve the Amended
Ordinance Adopting the 2026 Salary Schedule and Compensation Policies for Vigo County Prosecutors and
Public Defenders. Vicki Weger seconded the motion. In discussion, there was discussion on the Annual Budget
Committee’s recommendation to table this Amended Ordinance. It was clarified that human resources had
recommended adding Section 13 related to PERF after finding similar language on other salary ordinances.
Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson —
aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Randy Gentry — nay; Vicki Weger — aye; Steve Ellis — aye.
With a vote of 6-1, the motion passed.

Honorary Resolutions

There were none.

Resolutions Relating to Fiscal Policies of the Council

There were none.

Appointments

There were none.

Adjournment

Before adjournment, Kevin Gardner approached the Council and briefly discussed potential changes to local
government funding due to changes in legislation at the State level.

Vicki Weger made a motion to adjourn the meeting. David Thompson seconded the motion. With a vocal vote,
the meeting was adjourned at 7:29 p.m.

Vigo County acknowledges its responsibility to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. Anyone who requires an auxiliary aid or service for effective
communication, or a modification of policies or procedures to participate in a program, service, or activity of the Vigo County Government, should contact the office

of Tammy York-Allen, ADA Coordinator 650 $ ist Street, Terre Haute, IN 47807, Phone 812-231-6200, e-mail tammy.york-allen@vigocounty.in.gov as soon as possible but
no later than three business days before the scheduled event.

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_2.10.26] PAGE 9 =====
MINUTES OF THE VIGO COUNTY COUNCIL MEETING
FEBRUARY 10, 2026
Presented to the Vigo County Council, read in fill and adopted as written this 10" day of March, 2025.
TS
Aye "4 Absent [| Randy << x
Nay || Abstain Gentry CN
L] ~~
aye [] Absent [| Nancy Y a y /] a
. Allsup K AX 2K
ae ce OD
Aye Absent [| Brenda py | j | if if n
Nay [| Abstain [| Wilson
Aye [] Absent [| Steve EE?
Nay [| Abstain [] Ellis,
Aye [] Absent [| Vicki \y/, 5h 2
Nay [| Abstain [ | Weger. ALL f fe 4
Aye [] Absent [| Brad hie
Nay [| Abstain [| Anderson ,
Nh
Aye [ ] Absent [ | David COMA
Nay [| Abstain C] Thompson eer eas
Attest:
WA, a
Larry T. Hutchings, II =
Auditor
