
===== [County_Council_Sunshine_Meeting_Minutes_11.12.25] PAGE 1 =====
VIGO COUNTY COUNCIL
Meeting Minutes
Tuesday, November 12, 2025 at 5:00 P.M.
Council Chambers, Vigo County Government Center

Pledge of Allegiance

President David Thompson called the meeting to order at 5:00 p.m.
Calling of the Roll

Present: Randy Gentry, Nancy Allsup, Brenda Wilson, Steve Ellis, Vicki Weger, Brad Anderson, David
Thompson
Correcting the Journal of the Preceding Meetings if Needed

October 7, 2025 Sunshine Meeting

October 14, 2025 Council Meeting
Randy Gentry made a motion for the video recordings of the above meetings to supersede and take precedence
over the written record of the meeting. He said these recordings would serve as the official records of the above
meetings. Vicki Weger seconded the motion. The motion passed with a vocal vote.
Communications from Elected Officials or Agencies of the County

a. Warming Center Task Force Presentation
Terre Haute Mayor Brandon Sakbun approached the Council and provided a presentation on a proposed
warming center operation plan and potential funding partnership options between the County and the City of
Terre Haute. The mayor noted he would be filing an official request before Council in a potential December
Council meeting.
Executive Director of Vigo County Homes for Children Norm Loudermilk approached the Council and said the
DCS had given approval for the Carpenter home to begin accepting children effective November 10. Vicki
Weger asked Norm how many children would be able to be housed in the home. Norm said the home had a
license for eight children. He said the Glenn home was licensed for nine children. Randy Gentry asked Norm
how many children were currently at the homes and how many were from Vigo County. Norm said there were
four children at the home now and two were recently adopted. Norm said one current resident was from Vigo
County.
Randy Gentry made a motion to amend County Council Rule 12B: “The Following is the order of business of
the County Council at its Voting Meeting or Special Call Meeting:” to move the “Public Comment” item
immediately after the “Communication from Elected Officials or Agencies of the County” item he said this
motion would also change County Council Rule Number 4 Line one to read: “During the initial portion of each
voting and/or special call meeting of the County Council, any resident person may be permitted to address the
Council upon recognition by the presiding officer. Vicki Weger asked Randy if this motion would allow the
public to speak on pending motions. Randy said this motion would move the “public comment” agenda item
immediately after the “communication from elected officials or agencies of the County” agenda item Vicki
Weger seconded the motion. In discussion David Thompson clarified this proposed rule change would need a
two thirds majority approval from the Council. There was brief discussion about changing the Council rules at
this meeting versus changing them in the new year. Randy also noted his motion would allow public

===== [County_Council_Sunshine_Meeting_Minutes_11.12.25] PAGE 2 =====
commenters to speak on items on the agenda. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as
follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — nay; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye;
Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — nay. With a vote of 5-2, the motion passed
There was discussion between Steve Ellis and Brenda Wilson on advantages and disadvantages of funding a
potential Vigo County School Corporation oversight board discussed at the previous meetings of the Council.
David Thompson said the Council president’s appointment to the community corrections board had been
overlooked, and he was appointing Vicki Weger to the Vigo County Community Corrections Board.
David Thompson addressed Steve Ellis’ Statement in the previous meeting. He said he had met with Randy
Gentry and said they had agreed to work together for the betterment of the community.
Public Comment
Kathy Heaton of 2241 East Erie Drive, Terre Haute approached the Council and expressed her support for the
request before Council to provide funding to the School Corporation to form an oversight committee. She also
voiced her disagreement with the compensation increase for Council members included the proposed 2026
Salary Ordinance for Elected Officials.
Lucy Ellis, a senior at North High school approached the Council and voiced her support of the request before
Council to fund the school oversight committee.
Earl Elliot of 57 West Lawrin Boulevard, Terre Haute approached the Council and expressed his support for the
funding of a school oversight committee and his disagreement with Councilman Ellis’ concerns at the previous
meeting.
Eddie Felling approached the Council and expressed his support for the funding of a school oversight
committee.
Amber Cadick of 2516 North 9" St., Terre Haute also voiced her support of the Council approving Additional
Appropriation 2025-56.
Katie Henthorn of 2328 Hawthorn Woods Road, Terre Haute approached the Council and expressed her support
of the Council funding the proposed school oversight committee. She commented on her disappointment of the
status of Vigo County school facilities.
Valeri Kershaw of 19 Jackson Boulevard, Terre Haute expressed her support for the Council funding a School
oversight committee. She also voiced her belief the Council should support public education.
| Lucy Wesse of 2200 W Jefferson Ave voiced her support of the Council approving the request to fund a school
oversight committee.
Rose Taylor of 1021 S 19™ Street, Terre Haute approached the Council and voiced her support for the funding
of a proposed school oversight committee.
Jill Brady of 2253 Hawthorn Woods Road, Terre Haute expressed her appreciation of local students present at
this meeting and her support for the Council approving Additional Appropriation 2025-56.

===== [County_Council_Sunshine_Meeting_Minutes_11.12.25] PAGE 3 =====
Small business owner Lori Danielson approached the Council and voiced her support for the potential school
oversight committee and her belief the committee could find a school funding solution outside of property tax
increases.
Ben Cadick 2516 N 9" Street approached the Council and explained he and several students had formed a group
called “Students for Change” and voiced his support for the funding of a school oversight committee.

The Terre Haute City Council approached the County Council and noted they had voted unanimously to support
creating the school oversight committee.

Kylie Reed of 7358 E Blinn Ct approached the Council and voiced her support of the Council approving
funding for the proposed school oversight committee.

Terre Haute North Henry Connor approached the Council and expressed support for the formation of a school
oversight committee.

Teachers Union President Aaron Warner approached the Council and expressed disagreements with comments
made by the Lt. Governor about public education. He also voiced his support for the approval for funds for a
school oversight committee.

Vigo County School Board President Stacy Killian approached the Council and expressed her appreciations for
students speaking at this meeting and her support for the school oversight committee.

Allyn Nourse of 327 Hamilton Drive approached the Council and expressed her support of the Council
approving funding for a proposed school oversight committee.

Jack Foster of 2162 Hawthorn Woods Road, Terre Haute approached the Council and expressed support for
Additional Appropriation 2025-56.

Zion Ogundare of 2521 North 15™ Street, Terre Haute approached the Council and voiced her support for the
funding of a school oversight committee.

Roy Davies of 2519 East Dexter Ave, Terre Haute voiced his belief additional funding to local schools would
not solve issues with the facilities and that money should be invested in educators. He also said he would like to
see facilities maintained through the years.

Ava Folett of 11378 N CR 500 E Farmersburg, IN approached the Council and expressed her frustration with
the state of school facilities.

Clark Cadick of 2516 North 9" Street, Terre Haute voiced his support for the funding of a school oversight
committee.

Christopher Boerner of 11765 South Singhurst St, Terre Haute voiced his concern of public and private funding
co-mingling in relation to compensation for college athletes.

Alice Shagley of Terre Haute expressed her support for the funding of a school oversight committee.

Reports from Committees

===== [County_Council_Sunshine_Meeting_Minutes_11.12.25] PAGE 4 =====
a. Annual Budget Committee Update
The Budget Committee communicated they would discuss recommended changes to the salary ordinances
before voting on each individually.
Resolutions and Ordinances Other than Appropriations
a. Ordinance Adopting 2026 County of Vigo, Indiana Salary Schedule and Compensation
Policies
Michael Wright explained this ordinance was in the same form as last week. There were no questions. Brenda
Wilson made a motion to approve the Ordinance Adopting the 2026 County of Vigo Indiana Salary Schedule
and Compensation Policies. Vicki Weger seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion,
voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki
Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
b. Ordinance Adopting 2026 County of Vigo, Indiana Salary Schedule and Compensation
Policies of Merit Officers
This ordinance was explained at the sunshine meeting. There were no questions. Brenda Wilson made a motion
to approve the Ordinance Adopting the 2026 County of Vigo, Indiana Salary Schedule and Compensation
Policies of Merit Officers Vicki Weger seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion,
voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki
Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
c. Ordinance Adopting 2026 County of Vigo, Indiana Salary Schedule and Compensation
Policies of Prosecutors and Public Defenders
Council Attorney Michael Wright explained this ordinance reflected the changes recommended by the Council
Budget Committee and accurately reflected the felony level trial deputy discussed at the previous week’s
meeting. Brad Anderson made a motion to approve the Ordinance Adopting the 2026 County of Vigo, Indiana
Salary Schedule and Compensation Policies of Prosecutors and Public Defenders. Brenda Wilson seconded the
motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup
— aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson —
aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
d. Ordinance Adopting 2026 County of Vigo, Indiana Salary Schedule and Compensation
Policies of the Highway Department
This ordinance was discussed at the sunshine meeting. Brad Anderson made a motion to approve the Ordinance
Adopting the 2026 County of Vigo, Indiana Salary Schedule and Compensation Policies of the Highway
Department. Brenda Wilson seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as
follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye;
Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
e. Ordinance Adopting the 2026 County of Vigo, Indiana Salary Schedule and Compensation
Policies of Dispatch/E911
Michael Wright explained the changes recommended by the annual budget committee were reflected in this
ordinance. Randy Gentry asked for clarification. Michael Wright said hourly compensation increases
recommended by the committee were reflected in this version of the ordinance. Vicki Weger said these changes
were made in an effort to reduce staffing turnover at 911/Dispatch. Brenda Wilson made a motion to approve
the Ordinance Adopting the 2026 County of Vigo, Indiana Salary Schedule and Compensation Policies of
Dispatch/E911. Randy Gentry seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as

===== [County_Council_Sunshine_Meeting_Minutes_11.12.25] PAGE 5 =====
follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye,
Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
f. Ordinance Adopting the 2026 County of Vigo, Indiana Salary Schedule and Compensation
Policies of Correctional/Detention/Building Security Officers
This ordinance was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There were no questions. Brenda Wilson made a motion
to approve the Ordinance Adopting the 2026 County of Vigo, Indiana Salary Schedule and Compensation
Policies of Correctional/Detention/Building Security Officers. Nancy Allsup seconded the motion. Upon a roll
call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda
Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote
of 7-0, the motion passed.
g. Ordinance Adopting the 2026 County of Vigo, Indiana Salary Schedule and Compensation
Policies of the Parks Department
This ordinance was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There were no questions. Brenda Wilson made a motion
to approve the Ordinance Adopting the 2026 County of Vigo, Indiana Salary Schedule and Compensation
Policies of the Parks Department. Nancy Allsup seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending
motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis —
aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
h. Ordinance Adopting the 2026 County of Vigo, Indiana Salary Schedule and Compensation
Policies of the Health Department
This ordinance was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There were no questions. Randy Gentry made a motion
to approve the Ordinance Adopting the 2026 County of Vigo, Indiana Salary Schedule and Compensation
Policies of the Health Department. Brenda Wilson seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending
motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis —
aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
i. Ordinance Adopting the 2026 County of Vigo, Indiana Salary Schedule and Compensation
Policies of Elected Officials
Steve Ellis made a motion to amend the Ordinance Adopting the 2026 County of Vigo, Indiana Salary Schedule
and Compensation Policies of Elected Officials as follows: to move the Vigo County Coroner to a pay grade
516, all elected officials other than County Council get a 3% cost of living raise, no other raises for elected
officials or changes of grades, a freeze on pay raises until the budget committee meets next year, or until after
the County undergoes “forensic accounting” such that the Council knows where the county stands financially.
Randy Gentry seconded the motion. In discussion, Council Attorney noted he did not believe Council freezing
compensation changes at this meeting would be enforceable if a majority of Council approved a compensation
change in a future meeting. There brief discussion about what was the legal process for Council to enforce a
hiring or pay increase freeze. Steve Ellis retracted his motion. Randy Gentry retracted his second. Steve Ellis
made a motion to change the Coroner’s pay grade to a 516, to give all elected officials aside from County
Council a 3% cost-of-living raise, and no other raises for elected officials or changes of pay grades. Randy
Gentry seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry
—aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye;
David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed. Steve Ellis made a motion to approve the
Ordinance Adopting the 2026 County of Vigo, Indiana Salary Schedule and Compensation Policies of Elected
Officials. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy
Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David
Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.

===== [County_Council_Sunshine_Meeting_Minutes_11.12.25] PAGE 6 =====
j. Ordinance Adopting the 2026 County of Vigo, Indiana Salary Schedule and Compensation
Policies of Court Staff
This ordinance was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There were no questions. Brenda Wilson made a motion
to approve the Ordinance Adopting the 2026 County of Vigo, Indiana Salary Schedule and Compensation
Policies of Court Staff. Vicki Weger seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting
was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger
— aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
k. Resolution of Re-Allocation of Existing Appropriation 2025-8: Adult Probation — Commercial
Shredder Purchase
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There were no questions. Brenda Wilson made a motion to
approve Resolution of Re-Allocation of Existing Appropriation 2025-8. Vicki Weger seconded the motion.
Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye;
Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye.
With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
Ordinances Relating to Appropriations
a. Additional Appropriation 2025-54: Sheriff's Office — J ail Medical Costs
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. Brenda Wilson made a motion to approve additional
appropriation 2025-54. There was discussion about which funds the Council would prefer to appropriate the
amount the Sheriff needed to cover medical costs for the end of 2025. After discussion, Brenda Wilson
amended her motion to approve Additional Appropriation 2025-54 appropriating $190,000 from LIT —
Correctional Rehab Fund and $190,000 from the Juvenile Justice Non-Reverting Fund. Nancy Allsup seconded
the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — aye, Nancy
Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David
Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
b. Additional Appropriation 2025-55: Vigo County Engineering — Road Salt & Equipment
Repair
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. Randy Gentry made a motion to approve the Additional
Appropriation 2025-55, but his motion includes that Larry Robbins would “pay back” the appropriated funds in
2026. Vicki Weger Seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows:
Randy Gentry — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad
Anderson — aye; David Thompson — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
c. Additional Appropriation 2025-56: Commissioners — Casino/Riverboat Wagering Revenue
Request
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There was extended discussion on the proper procedure of
inserting language to further restrict future requests related to the school corporation. The language the
Commissioners and Brenda Wilson agreed on reads: Vigo County’s financial responsibility to any Board
formed by the Commissioners following this request (’Board”) shall be limited to the initial $100,000 gift. Any
board formed by the commissioners may utilize other capital gifts in the performance of its duties. However, the
use of the Vigo County gift is contingent on the following conditions being met: 1.) The Vigo County Council
appointment to said board shall attend, unless excused for good cause, the monthly sunshine meeting of the
Vigo County Council to report on the following issues during the “reports from other officials” section of the
Council meeting: Any Contracts signed by the VCSC as designated by the Board. Any professional service
engagements. Monthly Financial Report of the Board. Answer questions from Vigo County Council members.
2.) Vigo County becoming responsible in any way beyond the $100,000 gift will be explicit justification for

===== [County_Council_Sunshine_Meeting_Minutes_11.12.25] PAGE 7 =====
Vigo County to deny any further request related to this issue. Brenda Wilson made a motion to approve
Additional Appropriation 2025-56 with the above additional language included. President David Thompson
passed the gavel to President Pro-Tem Brad Anderson and seconded the motion. Brad Anderson returned the
gavel to President Thompson. Randy Gentry made a motion to amend the previous motion to approve
Additional Appropriation 2025-56 moving that in lieu of the $100,000 being appropriated to fund a school
oversight committee, $100,000 be appropriated for the “Vigo County Council to retain the services of legal
representation to do a thorough forensic accounting of the Vigo County’s current fiscal health.” He said this
would “look at all revenue streams, all financial obligations, all bonding authority with the assistance of a
municipal accountant or advisor that will conduct a forensic accounting analysis of Vigo County” He said the
goal of this review would be to allow the public and Council to understand the County’s true fiscal status and
“ill include and not limited to a complete outline of all county assets and reserves. A review of all county
encumbrances, a review of each county account a reserve, understand the county revenue streams now, and
revenue predictions for the future.” Randy continued to move that the body of the County Council shall
nominate one Council member that shall be determined by the majority of the Council members to be a
chairperson of this study. Randy said the chairperson “shall identify a firm that is qualified and capable of
performing the services requested and bring that information to the full council within 60 days for majority
approval,” and “coordinate with the approved firm to access and all documents and/or information required to
perform the services from the auditor and the current Council legal advisor and/or county government entities,”
also “report back to the Council and the public on a monthly basis on the status of the study to provide
transparency of the process.” Randy said the goal would be for the findings of the proposed study to be
available within 120 days after said legal firm is retained. Steve Ellis seconded the above motion to amend
Brenda Wilson’s motion. In discussion, Mark Clinkenbeard said what Randy was suggesting was already the
purpose of the proposed school oversight committee and noted Baker Tilly had provided the Commissioners
balances for every fund available to the County. Mark said all Council members had been invited to this
presentation. Commissioner Mike Morris noted the State Board of Accounts does regular audits of Vigo
County, and financial information is publically available through Indiana Gateway. There was brief discussion
about potential financial impacts from legislative changes at the Indiana Statehouse. Mark Clinkenbeard
requested a recess of the meeting to discuss this proposed Amended due to the short amount of time the
Commissioners had to review it.
David Thompson called for a recess at 7:30pm.
The meeting resumed at 7:41pm.
Council Attorney Michael Wright said procedurally, he could not interpret Randy Gentry’s motion for an
amendment to Brenda Wilson’s motion as simple amendment to a motion, but as an entirely different request
with its own obligations attached to it. He said the Council can propose what was lined out in this amendment to
Brenda’s motion, but it would be an entirely different motion to what was being requested by the
Commissioners. Michael Wright noted engaging professional services was typically the commissioners’
purview, while Council approved or denied funding requests. He said there were provisions in statute to allow
County Council to hire an administrator or an attorney, but engaging professional services was usually done by
the executive branch of government. Randy Gentry withdrew his motion to amend Brenda’s motion on the
floor. There was discussion about some Council members’ concerns with the proposed oversight committee
spending more money than Council appropriated. Michael Wright said doing this would break state law. There
was brief discussion on whether or not Council would vote on this request at this meeting or at a later meeting.
Vicki Weger and Mark Clinkenbeard briefly discussed concerns with funding solutions to jail overcrowding
versus funding solutions public schools. David Thompson expressed support for the funding of the proposed
oversight committee. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Randy Gentry — nay;

===== [County_Council_Sunshine_Meeting_Minutes_11.12.25] PAGE 8 =====
Nancy Allsup — nay; Brenda Wilson — aye; Steve Ellis — nay; Vicki Weger — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; David

Thompson — aye. With a vote of 4-3, the motion passed.

Honorary Resolutions

There were none.

Resolutions Relating to Fiscal Policies of the Council

There were none.

Appointments

There were none.

Adjournment

Brad Anderson made a motion to adjourn the meeting. Brenda Wilson seconded the motion. With a vocal vote,
the meeting was adjourned at 8:00 p.m.
Vigo County acknowledges its responsibility to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. Anyone who requires an auxiliary aid or service for effective
communication, or a modification of policies or procedures to participate in a program, service, or activity of the Vigo County Government, should contact the office
of Tammy York-Allen, ADA Coordinator 650 S 1st Street, Terre Haute, IN 47807, Phone 812-231-6200, e-mail tammy. york-allen@vigocounty.in.gov as soon as possible but
no later than three business days before the scheduled event.

===== [County_Council_Sunshine_Meeting_Minutes_11.12.25] PAGE 9 =====
MINUTES OF THE VIGO COUNTY COUNCIL MEETING
NOVEMBER 12, 2025
Presented to the Vigo County Council, read in fill and adopted as written this 10" day of February, 2025.
SS — ae
y
Aye ia Absent [ | Randy Z =
Nay Abstain Gentry, Va
UL —
Aye [] Absent [| Nancy Y| /} ff ae,
; Allsup AXK, f
Ne Eaten EI a \
v,
Aye [ ] Absent [| Brenda Vy dk Wiatin~
Nay [| Abstain [ ] Wilson_* ~* E
Aye [ ] Absent [| Steve ff /
. Ellis
Nay [ | Abstain []
Aye [ ] Absent [| Vicki pa he ol
Nay [ | Abstain [| Weger. YVR f “ A
Aye [] Absent [| Brad y
Nay Abstai Anderson_/ 2 v1
LJ Atsain LI] a
Aye [ ] Absent [| David CN A
D (N
Nay [| Abstain [| Teo
Attest:
> An) ae
Larry T. Hutchings, II
Auditor
