
===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_3.10.26] PAGE 1 =====
VIGO COUNTY COUNCIL
Meeting Minutes
Tuesday, March 10, 2026 at 5:00 P.M.
Council Chambers, Vigo County Government Center
Pledge of Allegiance
President Steve Ellis called the meeting to order at 5:00 p.m.
Calling of the Roll
Present: Randy Gentry, Nancy Allsup, Brenda Wilson, Steve Ellis, Vicki Weger, Brad Anderson, David
Thompson
Correcting the Journal of the Preceding Meetings if Needed
February 3, 2026 Sunshine Meeting
February 10, 2026 Meeting
There were no corrections to the February 3, 2026 Sunshine Meeting minutes, David Thompson made a motion
to approve the minutes of the February 3, 2026 Sunshine Meeting minutes as presented. Brenda Wilson
seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye;
David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brad Anderson — abstain; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry —
aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 6-0, the motion passed.
There were no corrections to the February 10, 2026 Meeting minutes, David Thompson made a motion to
approve the minutes of the February 10, 2025 Meeting minutes as presented. Brenda Wilson seconded the
motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David
Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Steve
Ellis — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
Communications from Elected Officials or Agencies of the County
Jeff Fox with the Sheriff's Department provided a brief update on the tower project approved by the
Commissioners and County Council in late 2025. He said Vigo County had received State and National
recognition for this project. He said the three sites identified for the project would be the Hawthorn Site at 6066
E. Old Maple Ave, St. Mary’s Site at 4241 US Highway 150, and the Pierson Township Site at 7607 Firehouse
Dr. He outlined efforts to survey the sites, obtain a special exception in lieu of rezoning the sites, and planning
for Duke Energy to supply power to the completed towers. He said an independent contractor had been secured
to serve as a subject matter expert to insure the county receives appropriate services. Jeff noted Motorola had
agreed to provide 10 radios with “Smart Connect” technology suggested by Councilperson Randy Gentry at a
previous meeting to test performance of that technology for Vigo County.
| Steve Ellis noted the Council had received a list of encumbrances fat the previous meeting for 2026.
a. Vigo County School Oversight Committee February Report
Steve Ellis noted the language attached the Appropriation funding the school oversight committee stipulated the
Council’s appointment would be the one providing an update to Council. He said Mark Metheny providing the
update for this meeting was fine.

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_3.10.26] PAGE 2 =====
Mark Metheny provided an update of the Vigo County School Oversight Committee activities for the month.
He said the Committee had finalized agreements with the Law Firm Barnes and Thornburg and Crowe
Accounting. He said these agreements were established not to exceed the $100,000 allocated by the Council.
Mark said there had not been a bill for any of these services as of the meeting. Mark said the Oversight Board
meetings had hosted presentations explaining the School Corporation can afford bonds up to $160 million
without raising taxes. He said the Committee had been told the Tax Rate for Vigo County is very low compared
to other school districts in the state. He discussed modeling software projecting the School’s financial situation
into the future. There was discussion on the Vigo County School population decline over the decades. He noted
approximately 800 students in Vigo County do not attend Vigo County Schools. Mark said the Committee is
trying to find the best outcome for the students, schools, and taxpayers. There was discussion on the gap
between the income from property tax and state funding and the cost of maintaining school facilities. He briefly
went over potential consolidation and modernization options for the school corporation. Mark said the least
expensive option would be one high school for all of Vigo County, renovating the North High School for this.
Mark said the most expensive option would be keeping all three high schools, but this would still have the
maintenance cost deficit of three buildings. Mark said the option endorsed by the school board would be to
build a brand new high school east of the river, and renovate the West Vigo High School. Mark expressed that
the Oversight Committee had not made any conclusions in their assessment of the options.
Public Comment
There were none.
Reports from Committees
There were none.
Resolutions and Ordinances Other than Appropriations
a. An Amended Ordinance Adopting the 2026 Salary Schedule and Compensation Policies for
Vigo County Indiana
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. Devan Gackle clarified the Section 10 amendment to this
Ordinance now contains clarification and language changes reflecting requests from the Human Resources
Department and Payroll. She said those departments requested the compensation be outlined as an “annual” rate
instead of a “daily” one. She clarified the Section 13 amendment was additional clarification of when Election
Board Stipends would be distributed and not any changes to the compensation. Devan then explained the Pre-
Trial Screeners discussed in this ordinance were the Screeners being paid from the County General Fund. Vicki
Weger made a motion to approve the Amended Ordinance Adopting the 2026 Salary Schedule and
Compensation Policies for Vigo County Indiana. Nancy Allsup seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for
the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye;
Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion
passed.
Ordinances Relating to Appropriations
a. Additional Appropriation 2026-5: Courts — Pre-Trial Screener Salary Funding
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There were no further questions. Randy Gentry made a
motion to approve Additional Appropriation 2026-5. Vicki Weger seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote
for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup —
aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the
motion passed.
b. Additional Appropriation 2026-13: Community Corrections — Employee Benefits

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_3.10.26] PAGE 3 =====
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. Vicki Weger made a motion to approve Additional
Appropriation 2026-13. Nancy Allsup seconded the motion. There was discussion on which fund the Council
would be voting to approve this Appropriation. Vicki Weger withdrew her motion to approve Additional
Appropriation 2026-13. Vicki Weger then made a motion to approve Additional Appropriation 2026-13 from
the County General Fund. Nancy Allsup seconded the motion. In discussion, Randy Gentry expressed his
concerns with the financial cost of this appropriation for Community Corrections. Upon a roll call vote for the
pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye;
Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy Gentry — nay; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 6-1, the motion
passed.
c. Additional Appropriation 2026-14: Assessor’s Office — New CAMA System
This request was discussed at the sunshine meeting. There was brief discussion on the logistics of appropriating
funds for this request and the timing of the first payment. Randy Gentry made a motion to approve Additional
Appropriation 2026-14 “deferring to the department head on how he would like to distribute those funds to the
service provider. Vicki Weger seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as
follows: Brenda Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger
— aye; Randy Gentry — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
d. Additional Appropriation 2026-15: Prosecutor’s Office — City Hall to Courthouse Office
Relocation Costs
Chief Deputy Prosecutor Rob Roberts approached the Council and explained an amendment to his request for
$11,698 to be appropriated to the Prosecuting Attorney Budget in the County General Fund. He said instead of
$6,500 being appropriated to the “Office Furniture” line, he would need $5,000 instead. He said two desks had
been moved as part of the relocation, and the larger amount of funds would no longer be needed. This would
take the total appropriation down to $10,198. Brenda Wilson made a motion to approve Additional
Appropriation 2026-15. In discussion, Rob clarified the Office Machines cost was due to the legal secretaries no
longer using city computers due to the move. Rob gave a brief history of the relocation. He said misdemeanor
cases are filed in Vigo Superior Court Division 5 instead of Terre Haute City Court. Rob said due to the volume
of cases the department felt it was important for the legal secretaries to be housed in the Courthouses. Vicki
Weger seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda
Wilson — aye; David Thompson — aye; Nancy Allsup — aye; Brad Anderson — aye; Vicki Weger — aye; Randy
Gentry — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 7-0, the motion passed.
e. Additional Appropriation 2026-16: Terre Haute Mayor’s Office — Re-Appropriating
Unencumbered Funds for Warming Center
Director of Public Works and Safety Jesse Tohill with the City of Terre Haute approached the Council and
explained this request was originally approved at the December 29, 2025 Council Special Meeting. He said this
| was a request to “re-appropriate” or appropriate the funds approved at that meeting for 2026 that were neither
encumbered nor expended in 2025. There were no further questions from Council. Vicki Weger made a motion
to approve Additional Appropriation 2026-16. Nancy Allsup seconded the motion. Upon a roll call vote for the
pending motion, voting was as follows: Brenda Wilson — nay; David Thompson — nay; Nancy Allsup — aye;
Brad Anderson — nay; Randy Gentry — nay; Vicki Weger — aye; Steve Ellis — aye. With a vote of 3-4, the
motion failed.
Honorary Resolutions
There were none.

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_3.10.26] PAGE 4 =====
Resolutions Relating to Fiscal Policies of the Council
There were none.
Appointments
There were none.
Adjournment
Vicki Weger made a motion to adjourn the meeting. Brenda Wilson seconded the motion. With a vocal vote, the
meeting was adjourned at 5:42 p.m.
|
i
|
‘
Vigo County acknowledges its responsibility to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. Anyone who requires an auxiliary aid or service for effective
communication, or a modification of policies or procedures to participate in a program, service, or activity of the Vigo County Government, should contact the office
of Tammy York-Allen, ADA Coordinator 650 S 1st Street, Terre Haute, IN 47807, Phone 812-231-6200, e-mail tammy. york-allen@vigocounty.in.gov as soon as possible but
no later than three business days before the scheduled event.

===== [County_Council_Meeting_Minutes_3.10.26] PAGE 5 =====
VIGO COUNTY COUNCIL MARCH 10, 2026 MEETING MINUTES
Presented to the Vigo County Council and adopted this 14" day of April, 2026
eee 0 ae ee oS
Aye | Nay
Oe lS
ee es
Peony |
as rv
_ Sofie Choy
| Sofi tgs
we po sects ae ee
2 oe
a Yt: Seo
[ee kc 7
|
|
i
i
|
