
===== [County_Council_Sunshine_Meeting_Minutes_4.7.26] PAGE 1 =====
VIGO COUNTY COUNCIL
Sunshine Meeting Minutes
Tuesday, April 7, 2026 at 5:00 P.M.
City Court Room, 17 Harding Ave.
Pledge of Allegiance
Steve Ellis called the meeting to order at 5:00 p.m.
Calling of the Roll
Brenda Wilson — absent; David Thompson — present; Nancy Allsup — present; Brad Anderson — absent;
Randy Gentry — absent; Vicki Weger — present; Steve Ellis — present.
Communications from elected officials, other officials, or agencies of the County
Steve Ellis expressed gratitude to the City of Terre Haute for providing facilities for this meeting.
a. Vigo County School Oversight Committee — April 2026 Report
Council appointed member of the Vigo County School Oversight Committee Heather Pickens approached the
Council and provided a brief report of the Committee’s April Activities. Heather said Crowe would be
providing a financial analysis to the Committee the Thursday following the meeting. Heather noted the original
goal was to provide Council and Commissioners a recommendation of a financially responsible plan by April,
but due to the complex nature of the financial analysis the Committee is now aiming for July 15.
Reports from Committees
There were none.
Resolutions and Ordinances Other than Appropriations — First Reading
a. Amended Salary Ordinance 2026-2: Prosecutor/Public Defender — Language Correction
This request would amend Section 4 of An Ordinance Adopting the 2026 Salary Schedule and Compensation
Policies for Vigo County Prosecutor’s Office and Public Defender’s Office to Read: “All Full-Time Deputy
Prosecutors and Public Defenders shall receive longevity pay annually commencing at the beginning of the ,
calendar years for their second year in accordance with the attached longevity schedule. For each sequential
year of service, they shall receive longevity pay up to the maximum of $6,250.”
b. Amended Salary Ordinance 2026-3: Group Homes — House Manager Stipends
Executive Director of the Vigo County Homes for Children Norm Loudermilk approached the Council and
explained request would add a Section 20 to An Ordinance Adopting the 2026 Salary Schedule and
Compensation Policies for Vigo County, Indiana reading “All full time Youth Care Specialists holding the
current title of House Managers, are eligible to receive a stipend of $2,000.00 to assist in the day-to-day
management and oversight of the individual group home locations. To be eligible for this stipend, an employee
| must have continuous services as a House Manager for 6 months prior to receiving the stipend. Equal
installments of the stipend will be paid in June and December.” He said additional duties two employees at the
Group Homes are enough to justify these proposed stipends to their compensation. Norm confirmed the homes
at 4 children at the time of the meeting. He said the amount of residents at the homes was variable week to
week. There was discussion on efforts for Vigo County to become what is called a Juvenile Detention
Alternative Initiative County. This initiative allows for alternative housing instead of Juvenile Detention to
reduce the number of children in secure detention. There was brief discussion on the logistics of billing DCS for
services provided to children at the homes and the amount of time children would stay in various circumstances.
There was discussion on the amount of homes in operation and the amount of children staying at the time of the
meeting. Norm said there were two homes open, and there were seven children total. Norm reiterated DCS

===== [County_Council_Sunshine_Meeting_Minutes_4.7.26] PAGE 2 =====
would be billed for children staying at the homes as part of the Juvenile Detention Alternative Initiative
program. There was brief discussion on the profitability of the group homes department as part of the larger
Vigo County budget and when the department would see more money in receipts than expenditures. Norm
noted January and February of 2025 the homes were not yet open to children so there was no revenue in that
period. He said for 10 months in 2025 the department brought in $1.4 million and he said his budget was $1.4
million. There was discussion on the state reducing the amount DCS will reimburse for housing children in
2026 and the impacts this could have from year to year.
Ordinances Related to Appropriations — First Reading
a. Additional Appropriation 2026-17: Group Homes — House Manager Stipends
This request for $4,000 to be appropriated in the “payroll” salaries line in the Group Home’s budget in the
General Fund would fund the request outlined above.
Terre Haute Mayor Brandon Sakbun had another engagement so discussion on his office’s request (Additional
Appropriation 2026-25) was moved up to this part of the meeting.
b. Additional Appropriation 2026-25: Terre Haute Mayor’s Office — Re-Appropriating Funds for
Warming Center
Brandon Sakbun approached Council and explained the history of this funding request in connection to
warming centers discussed at multiple previous meetings. This request was for $15,001 to be appropriated for
the professional services line in the Rainy Day Fund. He said he believed this would satisfy the procedural
requirement of changing the request to be heard before the Council again after confusion about re-appropriating
these unencumbered funds approved at the end of 2025. He broke down the funding sources for the warming
center program. This included funding provided from the city budget, County budget, a grant from Duke
Energy, and a donation from State Senator Greg Goode. He said there were 37 activation days over the course
of the winter. There was discussion about a new state law dictating homelessness enforcement amid funding
cuts to programs typically aiding the homeless population. He explained the success rate of the “streets to
homes” program in Indianapolis and the desire to bring the program to Terre Haute.
c. Additional Appropriation 2026-18: Group Homes — Two Furnaces at Glenn Home
Norm explained this request was to appropriate $46,500 in the contractual services line in the Group Homes
Non-Reverting Fund to purchase and install two furnaces at the Glenn Home. He explained the home is
currently heated by a boiler system that circulates water to radiator units throughout the building. He said during
periods of extreme cold the system is unable to keep the home warm enough to allow children to stay there per
DCS guidelines. Norm said he had received a quote for $46,298 from Gibson Services and a quote for $45,800
from B&S. He said the request was enough to cover electrical work in the moving of the furnace. Norm
confirmed there would be a warranty for these furnaces.
d. Additional Appropriation 2026-19: Group Homes — Transportation Vehicle
Norm then explained this request for $45,000 to be appropriated to the vehicles line in the Group Homes Non-
| Reverting Fund. He said these funds would be used to purchase a 2024 Ford Transit. He said the vehicle would
cost $38,500, but the request has enough funds for title, registration, and vehicle accessory costs. Norm noted he
would fine adjusting the request to just the cost of the vehicle. There was discussion about the Group Homes
| being budgeted funds for a vehicle during the annual budgeting process in 2025. Norm explained the funds were
used to buy building maintenance a vehicle and two snow blowers during a winter storm.
e. Additional Appropriation 2026-20: Courts — Alternative Dispute Resolution Fund
Judge Lakshmi Reddy approached the Council and explained this request was for $75,027.10 to be appropriated
to the legal services line in the Alternative Dispute Resolution Fund. She explained the Vigo County Clerk’s
Office collects a $20 fee for all divorce filings and the current balance is $75,027.10. She said due to the

===== [County_Council_Sunshine_Meeting_Minutes_4.7.26] PAGE 3 =====
impossibility of predicting how much money will be needed to provide families’ necessary services ordered by
the court, the entire fund is requested to be appropriated on an annual basis.
f. Additional Appropriation 2026-21: Drug Free Vigo County — Drug Free Community Fund
Drug Free Vigo County Treasurer Brandon Halleck approached the Council and explained the organizations’
request to appropriate $63,066.65 to the operating expenses line in the Drug Free Community Fund. He said this
program is funded by court user fees paid by the Vigo County Clerk’s office and City of Terre Haute Clerk’s
Office. He said this was an annual appropriation made once the entire fees for fiscal year 2025 were collected.
Brandon said these funds would be distributed to Team of Mercy, Mental Health America, Casey Family Links,
Tobacco Free Vigo, Vigo County Drug Court, Casey Counseling, Next Step Foundation, West Terre Haute
Police Department, Vigo County Juvenile Probation, Vigo County Family Court, and the Terre Haute Police
Department. There was brief discussion on which court proceedings would collect the fees in this fund and how
the determination was made on the recipients of the Drug Free Community Fund. Brandon Halleck noted he
would not be able to make the following meeting and he could send someone in his place to answer further
Council questions if the Council requested.
g. Additional Appropriation 2026-22: Drug Court — Budget Correction
Council Administrator Devan Gackle explained this request for an appropriation $10,000 to the drug testing line
in the Drug Court User Fee fund was due to a typo in the annual budgeting process resulting in only $1,000
being appropriated in that line for budget year 2026.
h. Reduction in Appropriation Ordinance 2026-1: E911 Budget Correction — Part 1
Brian DeHart with Vigo County E911 approached the Council and explained this request for a reduction on
appropriation of the equipment new line in the Vigo County 911 Fund and for the same amount to be
appropriated in the equipment new line in the LIT Dedicated to PSAP Fund. Briand explained the department
had a made a mistake during the annual budgeting process and due to statutory requirements this is the fix
needed to be made.
i. Additional Appropriation 2026-23: E911 Budget Correction — Part 2
This request for an additional appropriation in the LIT Dedicated to PSAP Fund would be the second part in the
budget correction described above.
j. Additional Appropriation 2026-24: Election Board — Poll Worker Budget Correction
Council Administrator Devan Gackle explained this request for $265,500 to be appropriated to the payroll
salaries line in the Election Board’s budget was due to an error in the budgeting process. She said the budget
committee approved this line for Election Board based on a non-election year, and needed these funds
appropriated to compensate poll workers due to 2026 being an election year. She said the Auditor’s Office met
with the Vigo County Clerk and Chief Deputy Clerk and this was the amount calculated to cover the costs.
OLD BUSINESS: Approving Previously Approved 2026 Additional Appropriations for DLGF
| Submission
Steve Ellis said this agenda item would be addressed at the Council meeting the following week.
Public Comment
There were none.
Appointments
There were none.

===== [County_Council_Sunshine_Meeting_Minutes_4.7.26] PAGE 4 =====
Adjournment
Vicki Weger made a motion to adjourn the meeting. Nancy Allsup seconded the motion. The meeting adj ourned
at 5:49 p.m.
Vigo County acknowledges its responsibility to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. Anyone who requires an auxiliary aid or service for effective
communication, or a modification of policies or procedures to participate in a program, service, or activity of the Vigo County Government, should contact the office
of Tammy York-Allen, ADA Coordinator 650 S Ist Street, Terre Haute, IN 47807, Phone 812-231-6200, e-mail tammy. york-allen@vigocounty.in.gov as soon as possible but
no later than three business days before the scheduled event.

===== [County_Council_Sunshine_Meeting_Minutes_4.7.26] PAGE 5 =====
VIGO COUNTY COUNCIL APRIL 7, 2026 MEETING MINUTES
Presented to the Vigo County Council and adopted this 12" day of May, 2026
ADOPTION INFORMATION

Official Vote Signature

Aye | Nay c Z

x Brenda Wilson } 4 // 4

| 2 A Uli
nn
Re

‘ QU 7A
en A)
Se
Te pol WeGs
09 7

Zo™ Z —
